You know what I do is write for the kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and expressions.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that falls on you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an expression.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Blandon.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in State, Ohio.
When you hit it every week in the bathroom of the kids, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when I was allowed to enter the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '70s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I received a phone call from that teacher, the Lord Post who said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to meet.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to open up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clevel.
We went to see, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we introduced it, and we cared about it, and we fell out of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as a woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me, he became a chains box and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, he had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you was made in itself.
The expert is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy to talk about this today about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first temples.
I was amazed.
My heart falls fast, I was starvative, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The topics of me around the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a snow of snow on another snow of snow year after year.
The threats are born when they wake up the glaciers or they break the ice bars out.
Every single iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to go up and spill up to the end, while others can't afford it more and fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a tube, which are isolated and alone, as much as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a tube, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As you melt a tone water fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I get to photograph these themes as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these times unique moments exist in that way, and they won't exist that way again.
It's not the death when they melt down, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way by the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the tops that I photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures that I'd like to show you is a template that I photographed in Keplees, Greenland.
It's very often a little bit often to come up with a role tongue.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the boat has moved down to the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a Greenland center, average size.
The water is about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so now, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one considering a baby. Right.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about it for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X-ray chromosome joins the X chromosome of the egg.
They both press and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my room I tend to get two roles.
In one of my role, I work with the story of the anatomy story.
I'm a training historian and what I study in this case is the way people tackle anatomy --  of human and animal bodies -- how they consider the body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I'm working on in my work is an activist, as a patient defense, or, as I say sometimes, important amounts of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with twin twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with environment, much lower than average.
And I've worked with many cases of application with outliers, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in male scanners and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it intersection.
The intervention adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that is not ended up in male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray complete 17 whose Green chromosome of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fecal life, which become temperatures.
And then, in the fecal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks from testosterone. The body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sense of insects to animals.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typically female course.
When the baby is born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a child. It's raised as a child.
And often it's not to the puberty, when it's growing up and developing the sexuality, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
And after making the tests realize that instead of having ovarian and the third, it actually has testicles and chemotherapy.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it's a man, but it's really not.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called super supermarkets.
They're at the back of the body.
Super glands produce announces, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- doesn't know his corruption structure, I believe being a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to the anger.
We produce animals and we respond to the announces.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain than the woman who was born with testicles that have the sense of numb to the anger.
So sex is a complicated thing -- it's not that the internationalism are in the middle of the spectrum, in some way you can be everywhere.
Another example: A few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old girl and raised as a version, and he had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a kid and just discovered that he had ovarian and zero.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a contained spiritual hypothesis.
He had 20th chromosomes and the suberrate glands were so active that, essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genes were marched, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component of the oven tool.
He was born as a child, no one suspicious nothing.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by internal research, when the doctors discovered that in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intervention.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as a subjective, which is to say, they have ocean tissue wrapped in television tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they are end, symbols or symbolic twins, and interviewed surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason they get to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity, supposedly, to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophic.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people within the same body.
The lighter recent case is last year with South African Carten Seed, he was put on trial of trial her sex in the Berlin International Goals.
A lot of journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine if Cassan Seed is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't pass a standing line between men and women or men and international and international and women and internationalism, we are us who plot that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that correlate directly with stable identity categories -- are much more disability than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens to be much more complicated than the terminology enables it.
As we see, we get on a strange terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to think about in fact to be different from them in just a few nuclear?
And as we make progress in science we get more and more in an area that we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we deal probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the elements of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the feet.
There are very advanced discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine. I know when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors had never got to be seen with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if she moved still didn't bury it.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have simple categories in the past.
And maybe you think that this caption of categories could get someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
Contact these categories are much more insulin than we thought about me.
It takes from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a fisherman of the parents Foundation.
I know they were racists, I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each other looking at that music curious 17, and not for music, which is totally passionate.
That's why it happened in 1777 with the parents.
The fathers were -- for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an analog concept and replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our parents rejected was the idea of monarchy -- monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power by the water right of the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The fathers recorded that idea and replaced it by a new analog concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the analysis of common and not the analog differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a broken system in which they were spending two things.
It was getting democracy and at the same time the science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the fathers of the parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were being distinction from the supernatural explanation, and therefore they rejected the concept of solid power to go from an idea of the birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were tracking the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think of it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women were transported.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in the Saudi Tropic California, who said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men in the row of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color that applied to anatomical awareness on the analytical difference and, again, translated.
We see the same with the Disabled Disconnect.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking ourselves, why do we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical institutions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we had to get to the anatomy of the analogy.
I don't want to say that the five year-old kids were supposed to be allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomical division that for me makes sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two people who are focused at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both agents in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- June 1, 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in term, was born on March 1, 1980.
For the fact that they were born three months before Mary are attributed to every right three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to bank.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other rare relationships to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- while I haven't told you if it's XC, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible for the mandatory energy that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for his part, he doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in every state, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So you still persist anatomical categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science move so much at the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could demand?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time I feel like science is closed to us.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
So for example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes and you have to have chemical.
Now, in practice they don't do examples of people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the anger.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have been driving a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character," going beyond the anatomy of it.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people right to people, because I have to admit that I know about some of the retrospective retrieversyars that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some lips that I know can make more informed decisions and intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than 40 people I know.
So how do we put the subject of the content of crack?
It turns out very difficult.
And one part of me asks what happens if the character of a person could in the future be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance ...
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this thinking of thinking in relation to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to commit to a sex change, in which case it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that I had done a couple of years ago that had made a little bit of symbolic twins and then separate them up and then receive his family.
But when the phone asked him the reason to the operation, it was a very risky operation, I said that in that other country, these kids would be very married, and so I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have it considered political asylum.
America provides huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, in closing, I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might be, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intervention, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women -- in average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to get out of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my advisers I knew was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist -- like now. It made me a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist is from female."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminist has to do with the gender stereotypes -- so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I have thought about his question, the more I have seemed like there's something female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, while parents were very keen to find a way to protect people because of the state of the state, it's possible that, if you've injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the receiver support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we get democracy beyond anatomy," thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect meeting, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attending.
Well, right now, we're far away from that target.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But just replace it by building buildings.
Imagine that half the people who wanted to live in apartments are already propertier and that at the other half would still be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the capacity by making experts in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the mosquitos and the distribution distributions.
So it would be very difficult to do all those amounts.
But they could go to a totally new place, building a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting them up.
So I proposed that governments created new enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, James and eighth were thinking about the challenge of reference Hongrais.
They knew that every year about 75,000 residents would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Hong went through a constrained constitutional crisis.
In the next regular election, Pepsi, Peter was pregnant with a platform where it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked October to be his head of generation.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error, and a lot of trials with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the state of their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and hurt all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to the new technologies, but it takes both of the technologies like rules to progress and usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's put this to the leaders of our country."
So in December, we met in Miami in a conference room from a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- terms, territories, which, in some cases, is worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the state is a place where it starts with advanced terrain -- a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honduse called me, and he said that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Technology and speak again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that for a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dengu and the white line is the new airport that was built in Deng.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the managers that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud completely all the world.
The face of the public were very serious and attention.
The leader of Congress approached the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer.
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials -- a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might go to it that could be in Hondurings, rather than hundreds of miles away to the North.
And also include new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduse government would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the state of the status, so they could all trust that the status is effectively completely completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to understand their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow to create these special regions of development.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional emergency was 14 to one.
All the parties in society, all the factors in society, the background.
To include the Constitution, you have to approach twice in Congress.
The 17 of February went back again in another voting of 144 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21 to the 21st of February, a deployment of about 30 units went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's built in South Korea, is bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practically, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come, and at the same time allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow her Supreme Court to be the last instinct for this new court system.
There are urbanism and construction of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 billion people who say they would like to change something else.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to get a job, and sometimes they are solar mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, there are even children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to be thinking about building a new city in Hondustes?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting for families to be able to choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public trust, and that's that, I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog and travel and color and different for each other.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is from a second hand of thumb markets and second hand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my driver in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique, and buying it into my personal search for testicles.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
I'm going to be from my stain?
Am I going to like color to color?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring to somebody that has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
It comes inside for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after getting here to Palm Separate.
And because I don't know how the woman walks for TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called bright tourism.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost see phenomenon for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
The time, the color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're watching a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself, and at the same time.
Just yourself.
If you surround yourself from the right people, you will not only understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Looks," the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play the descriptions, or I remember their seventh of seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
Justics: The trust is key.
If you think you're good at something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't look good at something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside -- there's no look at you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Lives: A universal truth six words for you: The golden legislations go with everything.
And finally, Saturday, I will develop a personal and unique way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tested it over and over again when people came up with this week just because of what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get excited about these things, because at the corner of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant waiting if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure each other, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of you would be able to operate for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the rules of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great appeal in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react -- and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
One intuition that you may have developed with the year of the years is the one that says that one thing can be only one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you were not born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always falls down.
But I bet the playing with that parking bar taught a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with your particles, you find out that they do all sorts of really rare things -- like you can go through walls, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it quantum mechanics theory.
And at that point the physics was a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particles.
But it didn't fit well to my logical side.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I got a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical support.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little piece of metal.
What we see is a little piece of metal piece, and it's a little bit of transmitter and it goes on supported in a platform.
And so I did this almost in the same way that you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with a swimming pilot that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how awkward it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people get up to do those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of journey of inanimate objects are not just people, it's the light that was sent and the wind that goes on on their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being just on the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act like it.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly stopped, I was vibrating -- and the way I was vibrating was like a breath of this way -- as a flow that expands and contract.
And by giving a soft push, we were able to make it vibrating and not the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant thing and doesn't travel at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the three atoms of atoms that make that piece of metal are stopped and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain decades when those are available.
In the rest of time, they're delicious.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all the piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth going into a clean room to do this for all those years -- because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that piece of metal is kind of the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you also too?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How would your consciousness act if your body was declined in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we put the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all the objects on the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just standing in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all of the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep trace of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and that allowed me to take it to it.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I had a great education of a great education, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and works of art.
So when I started traveling and going to museums I started to learn a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than show the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've conducted from their launch.
So, just simply -- let's go to George.
Look around all the museums that there is.
This is the U.S. gallery the MoMA, the Misside, the Scotless, the Goodbye Goag.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Metrology, the New York Art museum museum museum in the Morning.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and pay, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Miker, that doesn't actually matter.
You move around and you get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We open up the planet, and with a single click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep going. You get there."
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Records of Perceive Brazil in the Metrolipose.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click right here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured on what we call the giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains I think, about 10,000 million penguins.
And there's a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 billion perceptions?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 billion pixels in it.
You can do it around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to get deep.
So I started play, and I met something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I went into and discovered that children were actually playing something.
I got a little bit of research, I talked to some people from the Metrolipose, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "uncertainty, which is to hit an ear with a stick, the short Tuesday Sea.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get further more in depth and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take away the image, so you'll see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump up again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night started."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pills?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this master work?
And it goes up and really gets it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Night started: I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Colories: "The Colleges."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manual, that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum to create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of Tome -- we just made a jet around.
It's about "The Embassys at the National Gallery of London.
You can add things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you're feeling when you contemplating these masterpieces of teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium I do justice to your artwork and that is represented properly online.
And the big question that you do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum "step to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a piece, a flying pill.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am an Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in Frank 1 in the last two decades.
So a few time ago, if you wanted to win a Frank 1 career, it took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you would win your career.
This is what in engineering is called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an accident.
The interesting thing is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics in the last few years.
They're becoming computers in the open.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
It is a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are just two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these decisions and institutions are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Antarctica for purposes of year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The "Toy To Me T."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and action.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we as humans have with outer environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old angelice dream.
You know, when Michelle Angeles sculpt the Mossios, he says that at the end he took the hammer and threw it to the Moses -- you can still see a little slow milescar, and he said screaming, "Proper no paradox? Why don't you talk about?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, install in the idea of capturing the environment and adding something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with the 2006 of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup in the world.
Maybe some of them remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the Medicine gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colorado in the middle and the Tube River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here and there doing calls moving around.
It starts the party, silence.
Gold de France. Google from Italy.
Engineering, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regular time.
First extra time, second time.
Meatrial, and at a moment, the head.
Gay Italy, yeah.
That night everyone went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day everybody went to the center to the meeting of the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called circus Master, where from the romantic time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the city pulse is in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
We know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all of the chips that make a Mac -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project we developed a little bit of little tags to track the trash on the system by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us a little more than a year, to tag what they were driving, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of us would throw up.
Then we put a little chip on them, a tag on the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
There are complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we draw doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on one day still still goes there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some change of behavior.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assaccas Bionicla, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zamaio.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was: how can technology, new technology, will you join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a chaos and values, solar values, leaders that open and shut up.
It's created like a curtain of water, with water pixels with water.
If you fall out the pixels you can write in them, show you patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom up, the curtain will open so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Black Black.
He liked a lot.
And a mission to design the building to the entrance of the exhibition.
We call it Palestinian water Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach yourself to be able to happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salary, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be somebody, in the winter when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "Let the building demand."
No, it's not that they have demonstrated, but when it goes down almost all of the architecture.
Here is in work.
You see the people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying not to move the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the kids in Zarah came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let them happen, but a building that was still making cars and water holes and one had to jump up to not move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical penguins, the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the penguins.
You can play it with a different guy.
Imagine that screen would appear in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can zoom in, and go through it, and see it from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a Vie, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolla -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Metaber star in New York and the Millennium Science of Miller, to capture their 3D movements and use them as an input for Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the penguins, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible input for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of cloud -- like the grass creature, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donated a little bit for a pill.
And the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, from the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow may be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do we move from digital world to physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collective shape.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're penetrate.
It's a physical structure in London, but it's covered by pictures.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Goals and even more, and can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can rise, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital father at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anybody who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better form, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves.
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like the most.
What would you like if you could choose something?
Audience: Creativity. creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
They probably had the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would you choose memory?
A few more more.
How about the physical state.
A little less.
What about longevity?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe possibly possible?
Evolution has been a topic standing here at TED Conference but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject.
The great government of the 20th century, T. Durawin, who also marched in the Church Autonomy Russia, wrote an essay called "No biology makes sense of the light of Evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: is it just the past, or the future?
Does the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in one end, it is, of course, the one that interests us.
We went from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
And in the interface there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in the gut, in
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is kind of the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diagrams?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically indication, that comes out of the paintings.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that all of us are in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antarctica Manager asks you about intelligence -- think of bacteria in the bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, fear, it's very cockroach.
And we're going to provide all of the nutrients that you can want to do without any effort of your part.
It's really like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some forced purpose to the fall.
But, in fact, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance like species?
Or are you destined to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and unique companies, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell just divide and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of children.
But when the multicellular organisms look like things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, sex, sex death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burnes, who still played in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone beat their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of it, you find a magnificent little bank of clothes.
He looks at it and says, "Come for a sex supermarket."
"It says, "Well, George says, "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I'm like refugee rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next organic level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Wood Allen is when he said, "I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to make it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the strongest or the faster, and even the most intelligent one.
Evolution favors the creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the financial bacteria that can survive the heat of the seamounts that will produce if there were fish in there, fish cooked into the cow, yet they've managed to make it a cardiologist environment.
So, what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and in particular, if we look forward to the next?
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known a lot of genes to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confused our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated around, and we are so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that it has a traditional kind of evolution of the traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, the gears of evolution will roll off, but they're unsustainable.
And in terms of installation, when as a species we collect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
The so-called neurologist, the new evolution, which is not just natural, but guided and selected by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
First, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society but is what is chosen to individual and family level.
So think also that if it was possible to be able to choose not just the sex of their description, but in their own body making genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate application?
Would you want to make those changes in your genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it took 13 years.
It cost two billion dollars.
The next year to have finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost near the 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot for the human genome to do the human genome for 1,000 and more and more to the scope of all.
These changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against crop interface in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
So imagine just two other little changes.
Can you change your bodies of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your description?
What if they could change the sperm and the vulnerable, or change the egg.
Who don't want any healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt hyper-body specialists, a better memory.
Why not have the engineering of a Ken Jennifers especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster muscle muscle that allows us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be interesting.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have turned the evolution back in the news.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have for them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all, we're going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit the wisdom to make these decisions serious?
For good or bad, and before what might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor by making click, classical, class.
Claries, class, click, click. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting in the middle.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot runs the plane with the Hudson River.
That is usually not the route.
I took the motors off.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most disabilities that I've heard.
He said, "Propelling for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror -- life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I want to have and never had.
As I thought about that, I came up with a phrase, which is, "I collect bad came."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we put the George Washington Bridge -- which was not for a lot -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a big deal.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give place to my ego.
And I read the time I wasted on things that don't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels great.
I don't try to get right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be decreasing, 15,000 14, 13."
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those doctors.
And as we go down, I had the feeling of, Wow, die doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in one thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children growing.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  -- and sheer, I cry, like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood that, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
On top of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was given a miracle of not dying that day.
And I had another gift that was the possibility of looking at the future and coming back and living in another way.
You who are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in their plane -- and please not be that -- but imagine, and how would they change?
What would they do, that they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy is called TMP.
TED was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came to his house after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel a bomb in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today, TED has a total paradigm.
You can only use your eyes.
Her work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to kick Tony to Tony HIV, HIV, and his cause.
So I went and reunited with his brother and father and I said, "Let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that I've seen Stephen Hawking -- is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those appliances?
And he said, "No, unless you are important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Did anybody see the movie "The Scraper and the marage?
They communicate in that way, and they are moving with the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I was introduced with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of it signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with his brother and his father there at the very moment, "I'm good, this is the treatment." Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much on their inner can't communicate it."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
And I met these guys called GGPT "Red Reader: who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then, with a laser score, draw about that and register negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All of the things that appear. They say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Bush attacks, and ultimately, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side to another side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's more fun. I call it YouTube, because when you talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world -- literally of all corners on the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved into the garage and these hackers and programmers and consumers and anarching took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we were going back to have taken the walls out of the walls and instead would be graffiti in.
But for two weeks ago, we went to the sample of Venice, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Jippicer "Collar," and you can see the description of it.
These are a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought at the sea of Venice Beach, some copper wire and things from Homo Depende and Radio Shake.
We took a PC camera, we open it up, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free --  -- it builds yourself yourself, we publish the free code -- the software is down in a free way.
And we create a device that doesn't have limited at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that I can say, "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you so much that was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the HIV room.
I love this picture because this is another person room, and that's their room.
There was all this luck and oxygen during the great industry.
And then over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so that I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hole of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking way.
The funny thing was that we had to inspire the parking lot, so we feel like we were embracing graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what we would say, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water and someone finally came to rescue me and get me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war grad.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong tweet something about us and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best of all this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle. It's that in April of this year at the Medicines center at the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the streets.
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best experts from urban urban art, Steven Fare, CAPTCHAs, CAPTCHAs, all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show which is pretty awesome.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, I do it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Clinton. Nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible. Anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition, just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something we feel that we have to do. If it's not now, when? And if I'm not me, what?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years becoming very difficult in situations and at the same time a dangerous time.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine. dangerous.
It filmed in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in much of my career, I've been diving myself into situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to look at social questions in ways that turn out attractiveses, interesting, and, hopefully, analyzing them in a way that are and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the patention wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago I took a bird in Egypt.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter -- I was in selling the rights of my TEDTalk of 2011.
What had been the following: "The ATM is presented, my TEDTalk -- that you have no idea what it is about and as content could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous.
But I said, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that question, I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I am working on, we looked at the marketing world, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me -- nothing could be anti-computer, for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Superman: I want to make a film that deals with products and marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with products of products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call "The largest film ever selling it."
What happens in "The largest film ever selling is that everything at the bottom is that all of the top at the end, has a brand images, all the time, from the subject that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Call Starburg, the Stanford Center.
These people would be associated with the pillar to perception, forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea. (Music Kassachuse) It's reductional." Is that? (Mousever: It's reduction."
I'm a reduced penis. (Mole, I just say that. It was more of the grass.
It was "President" forever.
But we're not just going to have the paradigm of the X brand on the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to make sure that we can pull all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe that you have used to.
The most cool car that you have led in "The largest movie ever selling you, the best suit you have been drinking -- correct movie ever selling you."
Farry Kollin: The idea is in addition to showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film the film -- MS: To make it fund the film, MS: And we actually show the full process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, the whole film of beginning to end.
And I would love that CEPT helps to make it happen.
Robert Friedman, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Google: However, I don't know how it is going to be the people to that.
JK: You have a perspective. I don't know if any one is very negative, but you know how it's going to represent? (MS: No idea. David Chinese: How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half a half and a half a half -- (Duty: All right. John Kamertian: I think it's going to be hard to meet with them, but it's certainly worth convincing a couple of big brands.
JK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we see it like a lot of joy.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia." Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But being hard to sell it, for the film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Muslim, good. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands we do.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge: When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go -- (MS: All right. You turn the camera.
MS: I thought that "I was the camera the camera," meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
I turn the camera out means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, making as many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is not the idea to tell that new worthy of attention to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a rapid mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for Google transportation images --   -- this is one of the first images that appear in.
I like your way of rolling, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: transparency, simulation or deception -- easily determined or seeing -- easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or information of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest line.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians named it, the president the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it's about making it really a little bit suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still goes on.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
Take an entire cup of Colora Woh.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at him as I used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
You see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency want to help me -- and that just because I met John Bono and Richard Kibera of many years -- I realized I would have to go through my own, I would have to take off the interview and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to disappear all of a sudden -- what I started to realize, is that when you start to talk to the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, enormous films, giant and others who make small movies, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make Hollywood movies big, giant girls, say that the reason their films are so successful is because of the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movie Hollywood movie.
And the movie is called "The largest movie "I ever said."
How are we going to see Bang specifically in the movie.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the dentist Bang.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you a fresh thing for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there he would offer one of these fabulous ships.
Both "Freuding Flight" as "Loves of Paris, they're going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for woman, solid to blogging, in bar, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer their questions and give them a powerful look.
Karen Frank: We are a small brand.
It's similar to the smallest kind of movies that you said, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands have.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bang is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bank is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Number technology.
MS: Technology is not the way that you want to describe something that you put in the air.
Man: We talk about something bold -- fresh.
I think "Freedom is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "common and suburbia."
It keeps you fresh.
How do we get a little bit more time?" With better fresh, more frequent, three times more fresh.
Things like those who highlights the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-collective company.
What about me? What about a common kind of thing?
I need to talk to the street man, the people like me, to the common Peters.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mark my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: revive the 1980s, painted unless it is a day of launch.
MS: Okay, what's the German Mark?
Green: Something unique. (MS: One: Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour."
I like dark colors, many gray colors and things like this.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like criminals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic consumer, markets.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it the hospital flight."
Woman 2: In part of the hypothesis, partly the Google Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of masks.
You sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federal because I get the market.
Man 5: So marker marker marker.
Is that something?
Audience: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand, but often calculate me in the intersection of dark glamour and flying flying out of the capital of the dark glamour."
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could enter my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "promotion personality."
And I found a company called Olympic Zalan in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Newton, February, Halloway to discover that personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Appropress," you brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are origins and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in Western Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why is that?
What is the malaria? What phase of paper you find now?
Why is it important to reinvent? What does the red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metals have you have?
It doesn't have to be afraid -- what kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Jim." (CA: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (MS: Big job. AO: Thank you very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Life ZaladA: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but complexity, in your personality personality, the Morgan Superman brand is a constraint brand.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature, to avoid things that are not sure -- they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that way?
The first here is the classic classroom, Apple Apple.
And you can also see At Target, Win, Minister of Minister Copenseus and Jefferson.
Now there are language markets and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come up and come up with a little bit of a very powerful thing.
MS: An underground brand. What is your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity of brand, your personality perspective, what would it be?
Are you an attractive attractive? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more a decline delivered?
A bit more calculated, reserved, conservative?
The advanced attributes are like being playful as the Princeton, contemporary contract, advertising or bold like error, fairly fast or glass, and property, digital, motor or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than attractive attractive?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 1970?
Are you stimulated, traditional property, protection, protection -- you identify Opera?
Are you reliable, stable, family, reliable and safe, contamination, or sage -- like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, advanced and declined, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we get to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify desire centers in the brain both to marketing commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned advertising to free air.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no cards, there are no sweets, no steering -- nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with limit problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer or what I've been more successful are those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interviews, they took their agency, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think of people, which will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? Did you succeed.
Well, since the film is in the Sunday Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burnes the film are built in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million implications in the media for this film.
This covers just a two and a half weeks.
That's just online, no press or TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in single.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk about would advise their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you get arrested, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I think that when you train your employees on the risk of the risk is preparing all your company to get reconstructions.
I feel that what has to happen is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going to move forward, I think we have to give the fear of fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We opened fear. We opened the risk.
From a street at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to support transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to take a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "Grant" has been presented by my good MIT friends who for "10,000 bought the rights of the name in Egypt.
TMM: So turning big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
MBI presents "Artesting the Transition."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Moran, in the name of transparency, that happened exactly with those 110?
MS: It's an excellent question.
In my pocket I have a cheese at the name of the TED Matterness organization, the Spanish Foundation, a cheese for "1,800 to be applied to my TED care of the next year.
The idea behind the Stilton computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the University of Urando in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see is control systems in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and vulnerable, we can cause a lot of problems with contract.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- it's a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a financial virus from Windows into a portable computer used by an engineer to get this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stiles.
We started with an instant Windows.
The obsession goes into the gray box, damage the contract, and nuclear nuclear program is demolishing.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stiles six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing I knew is that it's very, very complex on the parts of Windows: the installed inspiration used multiple driver vulnerability.
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stilesa, and we saw what happened with this.
So very strange things happened.
Stilton was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese table: the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
I had no sense for me.
And after experiment with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely disappeared."
The inspiration is actually looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stilton does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what's the goal."
It might be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
So we went out and we discovered the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a little one and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
They probably even know how much the operator receives.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stone install is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old standard language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the forms of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about demographics that we can approve or depressed.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent base, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because that's where most infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the Natasha environmentalist plant.
So I said to my assistant, "Let me a list of all the contests in cancer and plant plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to collect their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital driver with the control of the robot.
The rotor is that cell part inside the contract, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you certainly can break it up and even make the congestion explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and deliver in an obvious effort to become crazy to nest engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital chess looking very close to the data and their structures.
So, for example, 144 is on that code, you can't obvious.
I started investigating scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a short, and each waterfall contains 164 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These cancers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code of attack?
It's almost an identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there's no manifestation, not like that.
The results have been given after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in containers without outside and we had to start with.
Even so, we found that both digital drives fit one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small dress is taking a waterfall and making the buttons and releasing it, and the big dress communicates with six inches and manipulating tubes.
In summer, we're very confident that we've determined what the demographic is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry about other targets to be achieved by Stiles.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the contracts.
What this thing does is interpreter the input values of the sensors, for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data is prepared by Stilton.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds on a programmed video.
Is it great here?
The idea here is obviously not only to be undergoned in the operating room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive, actually.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in a power plant, when the great steam turbine is spent of speed, you have to open escape valve in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are competing, then they can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And the operations or the security system will notice you.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generous.
It has nothing to see, specifically with centrality, with uranium advantage.
It could also work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generous.
And you don't have --  -- that you will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stilton.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
It's going to hurt it the most possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a child of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large number of goals.
We need to face the consequences and we have better than we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Racing, it's done public in many sides that people assume the museum is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Langer: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber support.
There is one single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately
Because, in another way, our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Ray.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give them human skills, or another one that makes you use the wheelchair and go back and walk.
In "Brother Biosechets," we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're not different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a great force -- that also increases your speed, and it helps you, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external contests.
This is not an ironic idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on its back, a 40-year-old load of charge and it's demanding to take even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to control this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Huntington.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can cover 90 pounds by variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows us to put in cultures to drag and execute movements with great agility with a great deal.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Ethar Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exotics, this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back to the users of wheelchair, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the world, in wheelchair chairs around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that goes through very quickly.
Their only option, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complexity -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM's who is using Amanda Boy who was 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result he couldn't walk back for 19 years, until now.
Amanda Boyar: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAMCRN that I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
Completely non-state on the crutches that send signals to the board computer here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give the motors to the engines, and in the knees, and they make it move through this soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, climbing down the door was paralyzed down.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and all movement from the pen down.
A little bit later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Lean, you'll never walk back."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adoption technology ever since then, has allowed me to learn how to sleep down in schools, climb rocks and even ride in hand bicycle.
But they've invented nothing that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platform to sit up and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not just of soldiers, but Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, all of us.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Aristotle or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with the chimpanzees, their closest living parts.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've done too much hackers in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying people, Bonobos society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where the mortal violence has not yet observed it.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes, unfortunately.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the technique itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been taken for decades and causes almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also makes the survival of the Bonobo both.
The hunting meat trade and deforestation makes you not to fill a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world, and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter metabolizing the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes "do love, not war, because they have frequent sexual sex and pressure and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because the life of bonobos is more than the Koran Surgeon.
Bonobos, like humans, love playing throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity of behavior, diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild environment.
First, it's a bone baseline game, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what she is.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, and it's got it from the balls."
I just believe that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like temperatures, and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, you can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more completely, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Fourthia, a young female who is playing with the water.
I think that, as it, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our advance constant.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we need to play.
But how do we take our game capacity out of it?
The game is not freely.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans, life is not just cruel and display.
When it looks like the least appropriate thing to play, they can be the moments in which it's the most urgent thing.
And so primary partners. We accept this gift of evolution and toys together as we rediscover creativity, the friendship and the wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, income as a captain of captain in a body of volunteer firemen.
And in our city, where the volunteers are fighting a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still there was a race on the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was found in a conversation with the owner that certainly drew one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paragraph, in paint, as his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I just came up with before I am, called it Leyer Luther.  He came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the owner of the house.
The dog. I was so cheap."
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in calls to save a live being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an advantage.
He said, "Bees, I need to get between the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I climbed up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the real firefighters that that height or less had finished taking the fire and entered the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back through the staircase where I met my Tombots and the precious dog on the main door.
We pulled out from the house the teachers for the owner of the house where, as it was to expect, their teacher received a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter of the home of the house by the brave effort to save their house.
The kindness that she saw above the other was that somebody had reached a couple of shoes.
Both of my vocabulary at Robin Hodoy as in my vocabulary as a volunteer bomb I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of grace and courage acts on the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have done, or they are to do, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to do, keep it now.
They serve food in a dining meal, they clean up a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they enter the game. They save shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beethers: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1886 with a very simple idea: cement models of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit of building in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things that we, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LIGO came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly bricks.
And in a few years, LIGO puppets came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO just adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to advance the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick street from each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows us to create a lot more and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to the experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literalists.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Legonachs are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they join through magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of color.
The green is the fall, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the flash.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse model, which is here, and now we have an endless light.
We added this mining to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, legislations are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldiers, legislation allows us to program very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literatures is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to legs ready to use.
So lights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything has to be accessible.
We've given the children to get them to play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light works, or why the door of a elevator is held open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led the design schools.
So for example, designers without any electronic experience start playing with literatures like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and foreign bottles -- we have George created.
(Mother's metal --  A few weeks ago, we took the designers of Rhode Island School designer, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that have done, a conference of active conflict for movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a law made of plastic that has fear of darkness.
For these non-story engineers, literal legalists became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at all.
So the little bits have open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world in which we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company looks for us to engage with the environment focusing on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mimmer. Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue better to leave the video on the side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already afraid of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you're supposed to stop -- we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "Colored For America and would be like a people for techniques.
We selected a few members every year and we put them to work with the monitoring.
Instead of sending them to the Third World world we send them to the wild world.
They made big applications. They worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know A.
At the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if you look for a date, but what you really look for is someone clean it when you get caught by the snow because you know it's not very good at getting fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in this silent way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of "Commons for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hypothesis.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he made as any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice app where you can adopt a wound.
You accept it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can steal it.
I mean, it has a player composed.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government does.
And it spreads viral form.
A responsible response from the city of Honana when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami systems.
It's very important that they work these signals of tsunami, but people stole the batteries.
So I ask the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens drop off the dragonthest disasters.
And Chicago just released it to make people register to clean up sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction and organic and nature.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The adversity of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us how to have done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that until time has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is program in a couple of days, and it's spread in viral form is a kind of address to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not like the private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions -- open and generous.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an ancient institution but as a problem of collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "College for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contributed to civic apps every day in their own communities.
They have not been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration of that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the DMS Report And all those other things that get us insane, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Rile, which we do together because we can't just can."
Now, many people have abandoned the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government is.
And because the government is ultimately afraid of us -- remember that of us, the people -- the way to think about it affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to get charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, above all, matter of religions.
This is the telephone care center of services and information.
It's the place that calls the calls if you mark 31 in America.
Scott took this call.
I entered "Reserve in the basis of official knowledge.
I did nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open the door doors from the house, put music right and see if you go?
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the religions.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone called Cities Connecticular."
We don't program that application.
It was the very smart people from the Office of New Medical Building in Boston.
One day, this happened really, is this said, "Killing in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to take it?
Conditions Connecticut dynamic is different.
Scott was talking to person.
In Cities Connecticut everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zerre? Yes. Living? Yes.
I went home. I went home.
Good night, sound suicide."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to the distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to be authorized and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected to two people.
And I could have connected to government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animals control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same thing as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think you're the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfactions our needs, but then we don't see change.
That is because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches surface.
On the bottom is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that destruction that keeps that that makes us feel that that we fund as something that operates in our against the other thing, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to work we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the foreign sector of the financial reform project.
That's not political activity, it's a bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resisted the government, it's time we wonder what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of everyone else?
We can't pretend of government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act manufactured, just track the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face who is going to talk about who is going to talk about who are going to talk about who are going to talk about.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot to make your voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government work.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hydrothermal, taking weeds off, saving a garbage cube that has a religion inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogens and a lot of people do.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers that we're not just consumers -- we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We are more than that; we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all of us will be a volume of voices, or will we be a male of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and on death right.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have any other way.
I mean this because I think identity is truly important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach yourself with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it was if it's cartoonist, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marker, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in the family in the family.
She started many of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born on the slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as the way he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also a lovely.
When I was small and I looked at her, she came up with me and he gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I got it out.
One or two hours later, I went back and looked at it, and he was approaching me and said, "Bran, you still feel my agency?
And if I said no, I was walking back and if I said yes, I left my peace.
He had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and I was running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At the beginning, I thought it was a game.
And so he looked at her and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up the room, he took me from my hand and said, "You see Brazil. We both go to the content."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Bran, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mam."
She said, "Now I promise you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And he said, "I think you're special."
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brazil."
I said, "You know, Mam."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my hypothetic, and you have to promise me to always take care of it."
Like I was running my mom, I said, "Yes, Mam, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing, even though the right is the difficult thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mam. So I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mam, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South -- I have a brother a year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14, my brother came home with a six beers package, I don't know where I pulled them, I grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We barely get doing the madness.
He took a beer back, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today do it, and you always do the same thing as we are.
I already took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No. I'm not going to feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What's going on? Take a beer."
And I was looking at my gaze and said, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mam."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mammet tells all the grandchildren that are special."
I was ready.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be spreading away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken an alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to the other ones that they don't really see sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the bioluminescence.
My toes died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to commit with.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conditional freedom.
And this massive flow, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so much despair, so much despair.
One in every three black between 18 and 30 years is in prison or contraction.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Balkan, Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all the color young people are in jail or in a conventional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and collapsed, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not culture, but the wealth of the results of the results.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and function makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're decorated.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, you provide you with rights forever, if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they would catch the law of the right to the vote.
We have this awesome silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels like 13 years old to die in prison.
We have this prison country for children, without any chance of coming out.
Right now we are in the process of some liters.
The only country in the world.
I represent people on the corridor of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for commercial crimes?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the common crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in the United States is defined by error.
Out of every nine people, it's identified one which is innocent and religious and released from the death of death.
A rate of error, amazing. An innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never afford to fly airplanes if in every nine that they would deliver, one would be started.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill it.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to the Second World War.
We really don't know much about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being libraries.
They worried about being bombarded by being bombarded by them.
The threat of terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who get close to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks -- it makes a speech -- I decide to people who stop saying that in our history we did the first time with terrorism, after 19,000.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The era of terrorism continued to be, obviously, with the security and decades of racial and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we hit each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty age.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's pretty concerned to listen to what you say.
He said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
So the room stood on silence and a lady said, "There's no way that our story, we could never get to the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, intensive and deliberately, we were going to run people."
Now think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would execute people, especially if they were mostly Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't actually care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, involved in.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are excited by suffering, abuse office, degradation, marine.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We actually talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the waste, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With the innovation, the development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from food in food as well by heart conventions too.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant and underground, but also the dark and the hard.
Valley Haiti, the great dry leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we had all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, front of the spirit -- a willingness for being in despair sites and testing."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED, must be engaged.
There is no disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be really human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exposure, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are meeting simply to speak.
Occasionally, the lady Carol called me to say, "Brazil, comes the lady. We're going to meet to speak out.
Do you want to come and hear you?"
I said, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what will you do when you come from?"
I said, "Let's hear you."
So I went and just listened to you.
It was very visible, very illuminating.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks led to me and said, "Now, Brazil, let me just be that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started to give my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted intense.
We try to confront the prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without a conventional freedom for children.
We try to do something about death.
We try to reduce population in prisons.
We try to end up with the mass fillers."
I gave him all my best speech, and I ended up looking at me and said, "The Mimmer migration?
And I said, "All right, they will come up with the grandmother, really completely addressed."
At that time, Ms. Carol included me, put the finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst thing we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie. It's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a donor.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it is a killer, right?
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very unbelievable, it's not going to judge us for our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, the character of a society, not for the way they treat rich, powerful and privilege, but for the way they treat the poor, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel wrong. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I get tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of waste.
I go to jail and I see my clients. And I see my 21-year-old customers who have been about for them as adults as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what is not it?
The judge took it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was awake thinking -- for God, if the judge can become something you are not, you must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think right, but I started working in a motion.
He had a 14 year-old client -- a little poor, poor, black.
I started working in the motion, with a story that said, "Mocket for my 14-year-old black client is treated as a privileged white of 75 years, executive of a corporation."
In the position I found that there had been a behavior in constraint, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a whole line about how in this country is not ethical but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that instinctive piece would be a dream.
For my horror, not only had it reduced, but he had sent it to court.
They spent about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the cortex for this stupid case.
I jumped into the car, and I felt really admired, audience.
I went into the car to the court.
I thought this would be very difficult and permission.
I finally went down the car. I walked into the judge.
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a bigger black man, was the judgment of the jury.
When I saw me, she came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer: He's a lawyer?
So I came up with me and agreed.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was visible.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this state motion?
I said, "Be Mr. I went myself." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all indication.
I was the one who had written those madness.
You get the cops in the public fishing police, the substances.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all functional because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the river of the eye I was able to see the belief that I was going and came.
And I looked down the window and climbed to hear all that grow.
I kept walking down here and there.
Finally, this old black wind, with a concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost on the table of lawyers.
About about 10 minutes later, the judge described a need.
During the descendant an assistant of the alcohol was advertised because the consumer had entered the room.
The attendance was stretched on the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black stood up, he looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I go to this audience room to tell this young man to keep his view on the objective with a financial."
I've come to TED today, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
That we can't really be human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be limited to the fragile, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the goal with financial.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and seeing an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a check. What can we do?
BJ: There are several nearby opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty over the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide are not in arrests.
57 percent of the rape don't get nowhere.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are going to get the law to the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe that that is?
BJ: Actually, the rate of marketing with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the prison population.
And we let us talk about the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to lead people to the perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property instead of making those resources return to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, you've been excited here today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Locker -- they grow the threats by Bin Laden death.
Social Two: famine in Somalia, Social 3: Police three-dimensional gas police.
Social 4: Carbon shorter. Hello 5: Moreotic crops.
Social 6: Social dictionary. Social disconnect. 65 dead.
Social 8: tsunami, Nicole Nine: Cities.
Several contacts: war. Nature -- mass destruction. Toror.
recession. Bank. End Judyisty. Egypt. Syria.
Criss. death. Destination.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diannesses: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, which could be tremendously the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media means prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second in every day, our senses get much more data than the brain can probably process.
And as nothing matters to us, the first stop of all those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amazing.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
He ordered and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old reflection of the press, "If there is blood, sells very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news about seven days of week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pessimistic.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world goes out of bad at worse.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction -- water scarcity.
As human beings, we are very good at embracing problems, and in the long run, we end up with them.
Let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life has been more than doubled -- the average income per capita income per inflation has spread around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pink showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya spent 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get higher expectations getting higher.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, and conditioners air and cars.
The barbers of the past century, the plants on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury bulbs.
Supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that is delivered in information technology jump in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 1970s superconductor.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and operational.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any big challenges.
And although it's graffiti on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, at the roots of Moore's Law -- there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Audio call infinite computing and sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, the fuels, the very symphony and the food, the digital medicine and the AI.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Japanese of Watson, of IBM?
It was picture.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline there would be.
And I loved this one: "Watson beat human objects?
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
I play with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singular University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can easily affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that they've already done.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create fancy life for each of the planet on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and it becomes about it.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National India in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited dinner the king of Sama.
The National troops ate with silver covers and the same Navely, with gold.
But the king of Sam, I ate with aluminum covered with aluminum covered with aluminum covers, right?
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, and it goes more than the gold and the planta.
That's why the tip of Monterey to Washington is all of the time.
You see, although the aluminum is 8.3 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's ready for oxygen and synagias.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was destructive.
We projected this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy therapies every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about accident.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, solar power cost in India is 50 percent less than the generation per diet -- 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The solar power cost 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of America, solar electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have abundance of energy we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Sacrama pointed off the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, then that Saturn country?
I took a famous picture of it. How did it call?
"A plastic blue dot point."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fought by 50 percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nationalism.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the brain innovators -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it, his technology called Superman -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of water on the day of any source water, sacred water, a lettuces, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it would be, Coca-Cola will implement it in the world of the planet.
This is an innovative innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world at the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with an intelligent cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communication that no one could have predicted before.
better than that, the things that you and I have paid for dozens and hundreds of thousands of GPS dollars, VC video, images, books of books and music, diagnostic diagnostic technology -- now they get strengthened and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best is when you get the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Cambridge Foundation -- something called the X Cambridge Triangle, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the team of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because they have AI, they can stick, they can stretch blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the marketing charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the health of health and, first of all, prevent the pandemic on.
But this is the greatest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion up.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the sea of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to take the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion people never heard of the global conversation.
What do these people?
What do you want to do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars embedded in the global economy.
And you get healthier from the Triangle of the Erry, from a better education with Academy Khan and because of the use of 3D printers and computer in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can be three billion more members of humanity, healthy health and productive health?
How about a few voices never ever heard?
What if we give them the operations, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
So what do these three billion do?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict predicting?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know about.
It's called Florida.
He emerged at Washington University, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take an amino sequence and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of superconductors.
They've played with this college professor, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people stood up and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the brain innovation.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have some extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the course of the point of partners.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1833.
You might believe that it would be permanently, but it wasn't like that.
I actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as a very common."
It was the dream.
I was very happy until the 18th decade.
Now the fish is on the Red Red League list.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special at all.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoner.
The leaflets still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the controversy of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971, studying a party in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I was very pleased with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't from there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lake was surrounded by palm and you can see, from a few manufacturers.
There were pilots of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar plastic.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and went through a good moment, so it was made more than the average in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the number of fish had killed half.
They made the five inches marketing.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the architect fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s -- well, it started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly. It was called the Puzzle Four.
I went out to fishing in it, and we did studies in southern China in Meadal China and, above all, in the James Sea.
What we captured was a unconscious thing.
We captured now, now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were speakers, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs on the rest of them, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea floor came to the deck and then it was thrown off.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very quick.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid coral of coral, in this case, to be a literature.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They were discovered because they were dead.
We captured a living.
I was still not drowning.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what they pick up the fishermen every time they go to a zone where they never fish.
But it doesn't have a documentary.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of party, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
On the axis and we have good things on the axis, biodiversity, lots of oceans, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images from the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extract it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the range of change.
And at the end of the end will keep up with a little bit of restaurants.
And that, in great measure, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predicting societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before you go extinct, is very often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequently because we fit them.
Over time there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of particular.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence present in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people present, like they captured such a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or, usually don't use the scientists of the fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in trained societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the enormous paper that can be made in a protected marine zone.
Because with protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of party has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people that you can see a protected marine zone, and you can benefit from the vision that provides you, which allows you to erase your point of paper.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access -- like the Middle West, for example?
I think there are the arts and the cinema maybe can fill the vacuum. Simulation.
This is a simulation of the Cherto Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales on the Satuce Bay 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mathematics and totalities are like "Avatar."
And if you think about "Atlantic," if you think about why people were moving with the movie -- not talking about the story of Potternalism, why do you get to get to get to the pictures?
Because I evoke something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recognition, the only one I will do, is Cameron II, making "Atrama II: under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alex, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we will see why videos are making viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities, singers, commons. When I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can do a famous Internet on the Internet in a sanitation.
You get over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute.
And from that, just a little percentage is making virus, it gets infinite visit and wins cultural moment.
How does that happen?
Three things: technology creators and structure communities and surprise factor.
Well, let's start with.
Berkeley" Vasic." Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
How, "God, wonder."
KA: Last year, Bergen Virgin published this video shot outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction of the popularity of the past summer.
Beesth is not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called YouTube Mountain Beer.
I had already published many videos from nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmary.
Jimmy Kimmary published this tweet that captured the video to the popular.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kim presents us new and interesting things and they survive them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday, Friday --   everybody wants to start the weekend.   And everybody wants to come in the weekend.   Sirvs, Friday -- started the Friday --  KA: Don't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Lives of Repress Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Art Irelanded Doug: This video seemed to have emerged out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Virginia, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peak, it's also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday one?
Well, I took the Tower and a lot of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mystery Science Theora, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter.
But what's important is that a person or a group of trend creators take a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 singers from "Los Liberty in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the University of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon disabilities or doing something new with that.
"No Cather is a repetitive animation with a massive music.
So, that's it.
This year they saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three million times version of it.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet phone community.
There were recommends.
Someone made a version of the old one.
And then it became internationally.
Suddenly, it came up with a whole community of remix that made this happen.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted "Art County and Rebel Black or "No Cather?
What a script could you have written that would be contained by this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can be removed so that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the mountains to cyclist in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nigeria." I was driven by not circular for the bite, but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by the bites.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nigeria made five million look and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for everything that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads us to a big question.
Berkeley" Valadi." What does this mean?
Ohio.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators of training, creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected -- are characteristics of a new kind of media -- of a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popular.
As I said before, one of the world's celebrities in the world, Justine Bio, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit worthy of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, barely are the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still armed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a disorder, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique life and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communities go into Santa, fighting the fact that their life had totally been in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they were surrounding it.
It was redesigned in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to stack up, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the end of the standard slowing into the sea.
My mother, May, was only 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had gone down to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incomplete for her who couldn't do it.
And after a four years of savings that challenges fiction, a boat was sliding into the flashed sea of fishing boat.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pirate and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a friendship with poison.
If you capture us, we would first take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the purpose through each wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate pieces that came several times, but they were sent out with the brave of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't take six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the trip was too much for him, and the first apple I tried -- given by the men of the platform.
No apple had then the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we were despaired in Melland.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Foster, a class suburban whose population is completely missing.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I knew, in Foster, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the front English fragments were involved between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car counter, working six days, double shift.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a title at T.
We were poor.
All the dollars were sticking, and it established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which generally was new clothes, always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tolls, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singing stores on the eyes and some gravity, Asia, go home."
So home, where?
Something in me was induced.
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we kept on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered skin, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then she studied to be strategic and opened another business.
And women came up with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and inflational kids were trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and paralysis.
And they created center.
He lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implicated with what I was afraid of myself.
In the other, it was standing in precisely failed lives by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the Australian young year.
And I was catalyst from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So I read, anonymous Angeles of Forts, was now so Leg, refugee and social activists, invited to speak in sites that had never heard name, and at houses whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the coverees.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the comfort of life in an ideal suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for nearly 20 years, counting on the day of each one and burning the day in the same bed.
And I said to my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age as she had when we got up to the boat.
The "not had ever been an option.
"Does it, he said, "And you're not what you don't do."
So I talked about youth and education and attention to marginalized and shocked them.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was willing to speak.
I met people from all the way of life, many of them doing what they loved in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my literature, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a disconnect, a newly coming up, new on the scene -- and not only it's right, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a ship of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean collaborating the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the pressure of your province of it.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demanding, but not the way we fear it.
Possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed were deliberately advertised.
There was an energy there, an implantable optimism, a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
I put together a small group of people for who the motto cannot do that was a interesting challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, he made a giant steel of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single journey.
My commodities again.
Three months later, I had moved on, and the adventure continued to continue.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when the Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother created it alone.
At 17 it became a concentration of a Mandarin whose mother he hit it.
No support of his husband, I caused a round by delivering it and taking the cause themselves, and much more reverse caused when they win.
It can't be done to be wrong.
He was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died at 1,000 miles, in Melland.
I looked through the show of the shower and I saw her standing on the other side.
I knew I had come away.
My mother called minutes later.
Day later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Focksaden, and we sat around her attention.
We told him stories and we made sure that we were still with her.
At night a monkey came and told us that I had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
Don't have it solving."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we now can see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have done easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a piece in your lives, seen in every wave in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and look at it, I would do it.
Travel Nelson and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rather about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Muslim Canada.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian epidemic "The Mahatma."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel on a car, and we start the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I was artificially, the great Indian warrior printed, he had serious, he took a bow and a short flow on the ground, it gets water.
Now we do the same with screens and machines.
The conclusion we took was that machine had replaced magic.
And that gave me a lot.
Every time I felt a little more technology.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a advice if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tell my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As my grandfather gave me his player player clothes.
And this 50 year-old technological piece was for me the most magical thing.
It became a double door to a world full of images, of pirate and scratches in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile people, luxury clocks and cameras prevent us to sleep.
They train our inspiration.
So I was launching, I went to this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a drug device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It brings the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes more and more multiplication.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Koran, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "You put your fingers on every light.
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I get a character of the book.
In many times I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- that comes around me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic magic, to those ideas that we address of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting to me.
So over here, we have to include the iPad to release fireflies.
And really, they light your way into what the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a child was that a whole galaxy is in a bit.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ticket that I dragged into this magic device, within the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every single fantasy book has always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, functional and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals up.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and control.
These are the opening of them.
We've all heard of the ones and the nights, but how many people outside India know their Indian contrast, would you shoot them?
These poor papers have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old book and wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up to their PC, they haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As I was a child, I had a lot of collections of the children, of steps, stones, ships and concerts.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this childhood ritual -- you have to go out and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital digital collection that you can then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a shore and says, "Oh, I saw a storm."
One child from India says, "I saw a monkey.
And it creates this sort of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking place.
Within the variations of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we have an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video on and on and through augmented reality sees a group of animals that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and expand them so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are involved with technology and magic and technology are going to each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and the magic and joy and love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many hydrogen projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Radio University was to target a director of listening to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known." What happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems that all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the hydrogen projects failed, because we stop listening.
This is my William scale. It's very simple.
It has a personal piece of one.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms to me.
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hawling.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when it needs a heart care or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wikipedia sculpture, and before I go up to my car, people start to talk to me, "Employ, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be used to move people out of their chair and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week it will be available.
This little biomass connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be able to be able to be able to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctors, and share it with others, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will recover control and to be captains of their own boat, but also can help us care because of the health care for the challenges that we face, like the firing of the costs of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but also by conductive.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with a video.
We all have carbon controls in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic drivers are in Mathare.
And also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find chains of fast food.
But where is DEC closer to help this patient?
We asked but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get DSISA to save lives right now.
What we did was we did construction in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to be, you see DED -- please send them off, you give them where it is open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 CEOs were already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lake, augmented reality, to find these DESD.
And every time you're in the city of Machine and somebody collapse, you can use your iPhone, and next weeks to use your cell phone to find the DEC closer to the nearest DEC, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like DESD 45, which is the name of the product, but also like DHS.
And we want to start in the world level.
We're building all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for DNA conditions around the world.
Every time you are vaccinated and somebody collapses, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DESD.
They could be messages of textbook or telephone people, for example, to see if the DESD is still in their place.
Please give us on this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different, because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the public.
For me, photography had more than to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the public.
Pictures like this: a building in a very traditional road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realistic.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at once, but with the common objective of keeping the level of realistic.
And when I say realistic I say photographer.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
So pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details, or colors?
Is it intervenes?
What does the illusion create in the illusion?
Sometimes illusion is the perspective.
But in the end, it is about our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three objects perfectly imagine, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some ways can create something that still seems three-dimensional -- as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we get the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process as we combine pictures.
It really has to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic I think are those in which we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But when you combine pictures is very important to consider it, because something else will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these requirements -- they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas out of your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, even I did red the house on the top of the island so it seems more superintelligence.
So to make a realistic result that I think is missing planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful, and at the same time a very realistic time.
All tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please do it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I don't care so much to show you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microscopes versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this is, as many other things that we used to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talk about technology with semi-transport technology is something new.
There's a strange thing here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn your lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logging scale?
The answer is that if you draw it into a normal curve in which you say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to graph, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if it graphs, for example, some other technology, like transport, in a semi-transport curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as microscopes last morning, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move into that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technology development that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask you is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It's going to happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve, I know like this until it gets something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
Of being like that, we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, is what that new way that the world addresses?
How new is the world going to be disappeared?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're immersed in it.
I remember that as a child the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been incorporated, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different than extracting what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition that we experience might be.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that were floating around it.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all sorts of chemical recipes inside the inside.
Some of those oil droplet contains a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate material materials and so forth.
And they started to die.
In a sense, those were the most primitive forms -- those oil polls.
But those governments were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recovery of chemicals.
And every time they divide an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they have.
So each note was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow became better at the time being better at the time to incorporate the chemicals, they grew up, they incorporate more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer. They were more represented by them.
It was a form of life, chemistry life, very simple, but things took interesting when these droplets learned the abuse of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand these notes learned to store information.
They learned to take information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution -- a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that the writing system seems to have remained stable since two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide people from the airport of the airport.
But it comes -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments, and I applied it 10 to the 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card. I have many for all of you -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a start that would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells have been happy for another billion years.
But then another big step of step in which things were very different, and that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming cell communities.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, the resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they were approved to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are lots of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they would form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they established a synapher.
So they survive or they failed together, which is that if a community was very successful -- all of the individuals of that community were replicated more and they were forced by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so close that in fact, they got together and decided to write all the recipe in the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have molecular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicultural community.
We have lots of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscle cell, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
They're the neural structures.
neurons are the devices that process the information that these cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being responsible structures to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to the period of evolutionary time.
So, an organism could, for example, learn to not eat a certain fruit because he knew the last time that I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
And so the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the communication trick.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here sitting up with a few degrees, and hopefully building a similar idea and value and confusing, in his heads that gave some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to perform abstractions.
Now we go through periods similar to molecular organisms, we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CAPTCHA, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that focused on something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of Twitter in which I produced a certain evolution with the Congress program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years each.
The next step, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is released. I guess automatic is the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this curve explosion.
We see the process recovery.
But I earn my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I use to design them wouldn't be possible without recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know what every transistor does in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Titan Machines, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million instructions of instructions by random?
Could you run these sequences of instructions by random, run all those programs, and take those who get closer to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, ordered numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could be two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences.
We drive those and eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that we best ordered the numbers.
And we went back to play them by following a process of analog recovery to sex.
We take two programs, which are engineering children, which are interpreters and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little bit more successful.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
Calculate again.
And I introduced some mutations on it.
I try and try again and play with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange.
But they get the commentary.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Margaret Minister and he takes a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight, don't make you feel truly?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they're complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex than the normal engineering does.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can run these programs much more quickly.
So it is released.
The thing is getting faster, and that's why I think it seems so confusing.
Because all of these technologies are recorded.
We're desting.
And we're at a time analogous to the single-celled organisms when they became multiplexing.
We are the threats, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part of our thinking that we're the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that is me.
And I've exercise enough time to allow me enough to be part of my false pressure on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We are near the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to be "by "Bush Regeneratives: talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a bat.
That means that baby is effectively battering three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught in, and that anybody who's trying to launch it to the first base doesn't come in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three 10 attempts of 10.
Do you know how you call a 300 in the Great Lines?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400-percent baseball bat.
By the way, that's someone that of 10 bills, it takes four four.
Legal Leoneria, like the Lego Language Lab -- the last player of the Big League of Biosphere to run more back in a regular season in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or less uncomfortable after what I will tell you today.
Suppose they have applications and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400 in appreciations.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a wanted to have two originally observed coronary arteries and their family physician derived him to a cardiologist whose record in antibiotic is 200 dollars.
But do you know something?
She's remarkably improving this year.
And their assets have been 275.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask them.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon or a nurse or a genome obstacle?
A thousand very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the dawn of a good surgeon or a doctor or a doctor.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and I lean in, with the display of being perfect.
That never, ever -- make a mistake and worry about figuring out how to do good.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medicine.
I was a computer observation student.
Once, a fellow in the high school said that Brian Goldium studied up to a blood test.
That's why.
I studied in my little destiny, at the nurses of the General hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all memory.
From my kind of anatomy class, memory and muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the street, the digital diagnosis and the non-term distinctive.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney turbine.
And so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very well -- I graduated with honor.
And I went from medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible thing, close to everything, because so I would immune the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs. Dragon.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Lord lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the service service.
And when emergency applied to a cardiologist I would take that patient to me.
And report to the chief of residents.
When I saw the Drum Mrs. I was giving.
I heard a relative sound.
And when I supported it, I heard a stronger sound on both sides, which gave me a conservative heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
I gave him aspiration and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him diagrams, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I made the first mistake. He sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the boss of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and comfort it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen her, I would have been able to get a computer information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When he sent her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that said, "Golden, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the Dragon lady -- "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said total nature, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance together with the doctors took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the road home.
And there another nurse, not the thing that took care of the Darwin lady before, but another one -- he told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists fear it too, but there's a particular participation and is that we see patients very quickly.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she comes back, with the same tone tone tone together.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
When I was an hour of having arrived at his house, after I gave her high school, he suffered a colleague and her family called 1913, the doctors brought it to emergency with a 50th member of Higgs, which means a severe shock.
I was just breathing and was blue.
The emergency personnel was all of their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the artificial pressure.
And they put a artificial respect.
I was engaged and shocked to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because then the stabilize was in intensive therapy and expected against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was evident that I would never wake up.
He had a brain brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let her go. Mrs. Dragon, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was assigned by it and experienced for the first time the mask of shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt lonely, instantly, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the patients, and you never eat that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very wrong inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I spoke to the family, and I'm sure I smooth things and made sure they wouldn't get to me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss to my child? Why did I send it to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so strong?
Why did I choose medicine?
A little bit of feeling was disappearing.
And I started to feel better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky, and finally the sun came out, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was stealing the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to not make more errors, I would make those voices.
And so it did.
I went back to work.
But it went back to happen.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and colored.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his throat, and he was a little colorful.
He predicted her penicillin and sent him to his house.
But as he turned to the door he kept pointing her throat down.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to speak with me in his office.
And I got the three words: Do you remember you?
Do you remember the patient he saw by a pain in the garage?
Well, he came back and didn't have a strange failure.
I had a potentially deadly deal called the policemen.
You can find it in Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper sea, and that can cause the close of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't failed.
It is anti-consumer antibiotics and it recovered to the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and reproductive, then I went back and went back to work, until it happened over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency culture, not diagnosed appreciation.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation of it.
They ordered a rocket X-ray but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity on the lower right-hand and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I was crude to rebuild and asked my colleague to review it.
You reviewed it, and when you notice some sensitivity on the lower right, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was tracked, I was disappeared.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a bear.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I show you this so that they don't make the same errors?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
And of course you can hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but they won't listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a translator in my hospital took the wrong leg -- believe me would have difficulty to look at it to the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions," the ones that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that have the results of the results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we get away from medicine to people who commit errors -- will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of distribution and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prosthetic and errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto State to my program, "Whoa Coach, Black Art -- white art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are unconscious.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescribed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or distribution is not right -- in a system where the intelligent infections are increasingly more and more numerous and more numerous by bringing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 singers are dying by average medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it comes to cool substances, because we're not managing the problem as we should.
And this is how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge gets multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update us.
sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, comes down with cleaner eyes and with alcohol to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is kind of destroyed.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always equal.
And my patients are not cars. They don't get their symptoms always in the same way.
So, the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all of the professional professionals to mistake, well, not to be left.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program, "Let's "Luchel block, black art, it's a custom to say, "This is my worst mistake! I would tell everybody, from the doctors to the heart of heart surgery. This is my worst error, blah blah blah blah -- "What are your errors? And it will lead the microphone into them.
And their students would stop, they go back, they would go down the head and swallow out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, you don't eat the same mistake."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a dedicated medical culture.
And it starts with a physician every time.
The redesign physician is human, it's known to it, it accepted it, and he doesn't get proud of their mistakes, but it was hard to learn from what happened to teach others.
You share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving and loving way for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time at the time.
My name is Brian Goldare.
I'm a redesigned doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel so much, but I strive for learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what they think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions do you take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to choose a half a half a half a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents for a week.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were used by these executives and time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, they take 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many belong to the nation of nine minutes, and how many of you at an hours?
How does it qualify the way that they handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current -- choose to the operation of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to make a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when you ask a question, if your answer is for a painting for a painting.
And now my first question of the day, are ready to hear about the problem of the operation of choice?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was offered this very, very high level supermarket -- at least at that time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Descendom.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinger, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the embryonic water -- and this was when we take the water from the game.
I loved to go to that store, but in one occasion, I asked myself, why never buy nothing?
This is the oil oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy make all these choices?
He pointed to me the buses full of turbines who came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the milliseconds.
Pass.
They had 345 different classes.
We installed a way to say, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out there signs of six drugs, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what case people were willing to stop the removed?
More people were stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a sea of sleep.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there was 24 -- only three percent came to buy seeds.
The ones that stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought seeds.
If we do the calculations, people were six times more likely to buy diving if they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy seminal mortality -- it's probably good to preserve the line -- but it turns out that the problem of optical choice affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this is not convinced.
Now the subject of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe to you a study that I did with Burn Hubble, Emission Kama and George Japan, where we observe decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 65 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in savings plans for retirement -- the 404 program, disappearing people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 656 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of offering funds -- there was less participation.
So if we look at the end, we see that on the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent more, not as high as I wanted to.
And on the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation went to the '60s.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, more people were included to avoid actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences in offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely is that they make the decision, that apply it even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they are going to be better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of magnetic, mustard and viruses and sleep, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose out of that awesome exhibit exhibition.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've been testing for in one way or another, in different research, so that you can test in your business.
The first is, Cory.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Collanda: "Derek."
They care about losing space in the asteroid.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange redundant choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- you will go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Process & Gamble went from 26 different types of Heady & Shanghaishis to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cather corporation eliminated the products of cats of cats that are less sold -- they increased the users in 87 causes, for two causes and more controllers and less costs.
You know the supermarket of today, in average offer 45,000 products.
In a Spanish store they offer about 100,000 products.
But the largest story in the world is the current world is Albai and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce on the ground.
In the world of financial savings world, I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is the plant of David Laurie -- the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a insurance fund.
Those who really want to choose, they offer them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that people say, "I don't know how to cut it.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees, "Tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate you, you can't make your customers either.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary with Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people of this audience to the people of this audience to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give me an applause if you're ready to take Garden offer.
(Audience apples: Okay. Any one who's ready to accept the supply.
They're not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You know there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I really got to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round than in the second, but I can go through and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of the optical operation, which is Contrast.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very fast, very concrete, very concrete, right?
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use cash effects?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Standay Benjamin and Alexander President, on the University staff of New Funders who worked at Intel, these people were in a meeting where they were preparing a 404 plan.
To that meeting, we thought exactly as we used it, we made a little bit of it.
What we added was we asked the staff to think about the positive things that happened in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the approaches of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts from four percent.
The third technique is Clarie.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Seamless Superstartelloose over the robot of the Norden robot, the magazine exhibition can contain from 330 different types to 664.
But, you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called "Jack and the other, System."
If you think the one on the left is Swiss, and the one on the right is Japan, you get a painting.
(Audience apples." Well, there are a few.
If you think the one on the left is Japanese, the one on the right is Swiss, you get a painting.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese, and the one on the right is Swiss. But you know something?
This scheme of classification is totally useless.
Categories have to indicate something that picks, not that defines them.
You can often see this problem with those huge fundraising.
Of course, who are you informed?
My fourth category -- I will conduct complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, buy it from a car.
This is a German cartoon manufacturer that allows it to be completely perfectly.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
Colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motorcycle, change box, four choices.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, 56 colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to look at?
How much are you involved.
If you always act the button for defect in every decision, this indicates you're absorbed, or you are losing them.
And we found that the ones that go from many choices to a few of them, they operate the button by defect over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, you continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order of information.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose you.
Although you choose the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of internal decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building now has more sticker with the process.
So to sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of optical options, Cortex, eliminating strange alternatives, Contrast, making it real. Claring, we can handle more categories with less choices, to conduct complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help handle the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who serve.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful when you choose to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our best election, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine should register it to the government.
I had to record an example of written example with the machine.
And this so that government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think anybody could do this, how much this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow yellow dots on every page that make a pattern of one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be getting a lot for this.
This is an example of ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the world online, we can actually raise the attacks on their attacks.
There are three main groups.
The cybercriminals are.
Like Mr. Dicker Goldina from Kievel City, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to make a lot of money, income numbers.
There are really many cases of millions online, multinational, who won money with their attacks.
This is Virginia Tatinux, from Tatasau, Stanford.
This is Alfred Govern.
This is Stephen Watson.
This is Born Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson: Tarrico Alifer and so on.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it for illegal media through banking transitions to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, continued the Swiss account of this gentleman San, James Jay, and this account was 14 million dollars when she was frozen.
Mr. Jay stands up -- he discovered his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be victims of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we observe today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
groups like Anonymous have been decreased in the last 12 months holding a shock in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that make it for money, the hackers like Novembers that do it to protest and the last group are the national states that are attacking.
And then we see cases like Digital the Digital.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Digital is an authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Decline the last fall, because of a job.
They survived the safety of the site and they perpetrated a cybercriminal.
Last week, I wondered, in a meeting with Repless government representatives -- I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Digital attack.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die, because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificates.
What are the credit comments?
Well, you need if you have a website with Higgs, encrypted SSA services, services like Glamo.
Except that you get an foreign conditioning authority.
And they emit credit characters.
And in the case of Digital happened exactly that.
And what happened in Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the submarine of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this portfolio called "FDA that was titled by the statement.
And within that folder there were notes from a company with the headquarters in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 2800, the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
So, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, the School Transit, a transition used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspect in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the School translator to infect our computer with a train to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussion, to get our data.
When we think about things like these obvious answer should be, "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect myself because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's on the privacy.
Privacy is not discovered.
It's not a question of privacy against safety.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we argue today, will be forever.
Are we going to be blind in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that need us to worry about the next 50 years.
Here's where I live. I live in Kenya, at the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park of Nairobi National Park.
The Nairobi National Park doesn't have near the most part of the South, which means that wild animals like the books migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and as soon as we wake up in the morning, and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only river we had.
My community, the mass, we believe that we come from the sky with our animals and the whole land to paralyze them, and that's why we value them.
So I grew up with the lions.
They are wallets that protect our community and livestock and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed Nairobia.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, at six at nine years old, is responsible from the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't be seriously, because even helped the lions see the start of the far.
I didn't give up. I continued.
A second idea was to use a shake.
I tried to deceive the lions to believe that I was near the stable.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and they saw the shock and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the manure with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I got to press and shut out the lights.
And this is a little light from a broken flashlight.
It went together.
So as you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supplies electricity to the small Indian box -- I call it a transformation.
And the box indicates that lights deliver.
As you can see, the light bulb goes outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is what lions see when they come at night.
The lights are delivering and they deceive the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got back to the lions with the lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators like hypothesis, legaling, and it's also being used to spread elephants from the farm.
Thanks to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child on the meadow of the savanna paying my father cows and used to see airplanes fly, and he told me that someday would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to get to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Asia aid. What in my tongue means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting you are listening to a story like you.
So he got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RL: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence -- CA: A electrical close?
RSW: I know you already invented the electric fences -- but I want to do mine.
CA: You know, you try it once, right? And you -- RT: I've tried it before, but because I got a camera --  CA: At the foot of the candy. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage you in every step that you do, friend mine.
Thank you very much. RT: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No English Now."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim English, but we never learned much about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
Though sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I had never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister from my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop existed in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two past weeks.
We're recovered together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die."
I was very quiet.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
When I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A life without life was dead on the street, holding a child on his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge range to North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, more than a million North Koreans died during famine and just a few survive eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequently the energy cuts -- all around me was completely dark at night except by sea lights.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves of boundaries between North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very analytical at certain points, allowing us to actually cross corrections.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant parts.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a narrative refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Norwegian refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be represented to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was done, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in police station.
Somebody had accused me for being Norway, so they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer told another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some norms in China are looking for asylum in foreign embarrassing.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These norms were not so lucky.
Every year, unconscious norms are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or locked or executed in public.
Although I was fortunate to escape -- many other norms have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can fit in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
I was at South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected for.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We are all Koreans, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I suburbia or normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call my proud of mine.
Even though I adapt to life in South Korea wasn't easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call alarm.
The North Korean authorities were interested by some money that I sent my family, and as a punishment my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location.
They had to flee.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The norms have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I went to the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to break them up, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity of all of us, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were submarined people who was constantly.
I looked at me, but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way to the Latin border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Latiness.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border illegal.
After paying mountains and gentlemen, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the Law capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison to short distance from South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or mountains.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man wondering, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other norms and taking them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?
I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North Pole."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unique stranger symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the understanding and the support of the international community are actually the hope rays that the Norwegian village needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But to achieve their freedom is just half the battle.
Many norms are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of the English language, labor practices and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help borders a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more commonly broken around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
Living in Central Center.
This is Central Centre." Line stores of limits, fast food, bacterial land.
So the city planners met and thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed it to the Androstation South -- as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  stores of limits, fast food, bacterial land.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home of food to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places can kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from rural diseases in the Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than that, Let's say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood.
I see wheelchair computers bought and sold like used cars.
I see centers of public dilemmas like Starbucks.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me of driving 45 minutes away, and it goes back to buy a apple that doesn't have pessimists.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet per me.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in win because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it on it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, we get together and we started to plant our food forest, fruit trees -- you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a progress paid by advanced compounds of all the products, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone gets burned.
The city got on top of it, and in summary, I was given a character by saying that I had to remove my garden, the catastrophe became a court order.
And I was like, "Come on, do you really go out."
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that no one matters?  So it was like, "Well, let's get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Log, and I spoke to the concertive, and one of the members of Green Groups, who put a petition in Charlie, with 900 signals, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My conclusion even called to say that they were back and they were saving what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more bad territories.
It has 68 miles of balls back.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's space enough to plant 750 million tomato plants.
Why does it not look like this?
It will grow a plant to give a few thousand seed.
When a dollar of heroin will give you 75 dollars a result.
It's my hypering, when I tell people, cultivate your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Centra.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I'm reluctant to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
Gange is my graffiti grade, I cultivate my art.
Just like an artist of graffiti -- that pleases walls, I flow up, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my growth of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a surgeon is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
You would be surprised to see how the kids affect kids.
Gave is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a bridge.
Also, they get computers.
I remember an occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, were like the 1930s, at night and were in my garden, went out and looked very quickly.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Financia, don't you fear people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I don't have fear that you're going to robot?
So that's on the street.
That's what this is about.
I want you to take it, but in your time, I want you to take your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared with their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Ground has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had -- like about 50 people who come from, they work and participate, all in a voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, the kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind to what they put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they are stuck. I see color kids that are on this way designed for them, which leads them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carter is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to get people to work on the street guys, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become an evolutionary reformer, gestures, generations generation.
We have to change the script of what a management is.
If you're not a gender, you're not a gesture.
That the gestures take their room out?
That is their weapon of choice.
In sum if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some missing, to talk about making some missing.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your palette so that we could plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Management sounds)  You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it makes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that goes up.
And especially if you're riding on your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to the cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make pure asphalt.
The poor asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has the pores and the water can go through it, so the whole water of rain flowing down and will have a road that is easy to drive, and not sacrifice water anymore.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hard, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has destinations, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it to get rid of it, see that in this road, the stone stones come out.
First of all, then a few more and more and more, and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give it your barriers, and you're not going to be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create toilets with that.
Here it's ready.
Bats, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can really see how the damage is in this material.
It's a portrait associate, as I said, so it only has a little amount of address between the stones.
Because of the interview, to the U.S. light, to the oxygen, this advantage, this bee, the glue between the rice shoots, and it will be confused, and if you drive, you will get microscopic and separated from the additional ones.
So if you drive down the road, you will get the additions -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about self-support materials.
If we can make this material strengthen, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean serious, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the behavior.
So we have a stranger with little pieces of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a measurement machine.
The industry can heat up, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel down, melt the button, the challenge flow through these microphone and the rocks will go back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big performance machine here to the stage.
Microscope oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they actually saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try it."
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 feet from AT 88, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the road, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, we repair them then with our manufacturing machine and we repair them and we would prove them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've done a material using steel fibers by entering these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the lives of the surface of the road, can even double the life of the surface, can actually be saved by a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to cool first before I can show you how it acts the representation.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woke up one morning with the sound of the gold in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depressed it.
"The Taliban went out, I raised my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban had been supported from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, which I couldn't be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books on the market bags so that it seems like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in when, the school was recently closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected them.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were you following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were extracting, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total inference of a remote province from Afghanistan. He insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was represented.
But my educated mother became teacher.
This is it.
It will be taken two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk in not to educate their children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated in our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Love, my daughter -- you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can forced to leave your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want no continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age have more than the race, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate at Semptameter Color.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, he was exiled from her home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate him.
He wasn't just backed out of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman who took him driving down the streets of Kabul.
My family believed in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1977, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded Soley, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, as the mine, they advocate for them, despite and even in front of a disability opportunity.
Like Adam. It's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month, he and his daughter went from Solo to his village, and literally they were taken away from being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When he got home, they are the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending her daughter to school, they would try.
"Make me look, if you will, he said, "But I won't give the future of my daughter for his old and recorded ideas.
What I've given you about about Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who we translate, there's a father that recognized the value of his daughter and that he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interest of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are in hundreds, remember, illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes don't lead a lot, after the retreat of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a promised future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities -- and every day the SOPA girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother that died in exile. "Hey, I resist Garden. I fight him.
But you never become a Garge style.
They've spent almost two years since the biological revolution inspired by the head of mass movements so much from the Tunisian revolution and the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other biological citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of fundamental and start a revolution against the Indian regime of Garden.
And we succeeded. It was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront of the engineering, taking the fall of the regime, providing freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a courage to go to the face of the dignity of Garden.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the board.
However, Gaddylin left a heavy heavy, a legal legacy and corruption and selection seeds.
For four decades, the Arctic regime of Gaddyin destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the library society.
Conscious of the devastation and the challenges, I wanted to do, along with many other women, rebuild the civil civil society, demand an inclusive transition and the national reconciliation.
It was about 200 organizations in Benett during Benjamin during the next of Gaddafi, about 300 in Triba.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the platform of Women Library for peace, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and for our right participation right in construction of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the presentation period, an environment that was getting more and more polarized -- which is model of selfish and exclusive policies.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won about 17 percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
However, very recently, the power of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi tubes.
Another day I ended up with the news of the American Ambassador and the attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the analysis of the army officer.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued violations of human rights from the prisoners and their lack of law respect.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, is polarized more, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, exposure and revenge. It became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the social list, and the election.
Rather, I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, we choose bad, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
Is the creative list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recognition?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why do our society continue to be polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exposure, both by men like for women?
Perhaps what was not just women, but the female values of compassion, microscope and inclusion values.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than choices, which only reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the quantum representation of the female and the most quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and microscope.
We need to develop a female speech, that not only honor but also put the microscope in practice instead of revenge.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately with the end of reaching peace.
Because peace has an alphabet that is about interaction and alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real creature.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a version of the Koran Kaluada, peace, is the word of the Microsoft God.
At the time, the word "rail," which is known in all of the biological traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "Red Random: symbolizes the feminine and material, which goes to all of the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all the people have been embarrassed.
And so just like the uterus is completely covering the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion all existence.
This is how it says, "My microscope comes up all the things.
This is how it says to us, "My microscope is about my irony."
That everybody was focused on the grace of the microscope.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question, which has an equally unconscious answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to deal with is the one that everybody does always, and why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who paid him.
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just license at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Senicate magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Express, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, he pointed me on the head with a piece, loaded with a hole of hydrogen.
The man, which I loved more than anybody in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "leave love, a psychological trap of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I am a literary in English University and I have a MBA in marketing in March Business School School.
I've spent most of my career working for the "Freedom 500 companies, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Borner and The Washington Post Post.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and driving an Honey Oxford.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all religions, all the levels of renewally and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the markets are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interesting and long duration or said otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse is so distributed.
I would have told them that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who puts him, and in fact, I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, novel and husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Conton in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in New York subway and started flowing with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had also read from a university of Iraq Legal and worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that I was ready and fun, and it seemed like a boy of the field.
He had big morals like apples, and a hair round wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all over the beginning, putting it on a pitch.
We started out and loved all of me, which was list, that I had gone to Harvard who put passion to help girls teenage and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer, as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And that was why the license in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to serve and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work and Conton and I went together from Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling in a "color love," which was entering head in a physical trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it goes.
And this is where you go into a scene that you go into the pieces.
As soon as we moved to New England you already know, that site where Contrast had to feel so safe to buy three pieces.
One was in the car guard.
Another one was hanging under the pillow in our bed and the third always in its pocket.
And he said that I needed those pieces because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel secure.
But those guns actually were a message for me, and although I never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger. Every minute every day.
The first Chicago physical attack happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and he still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother break out of my mother and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we were going to live happily forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very restorened.
It just had been very ability for the wedding.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make it harm.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and he lost me, and he gave me so strong on the head that I set up several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple days later, driving back from our mother's moon, I was adopted by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Control continued to pay me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or accelerated at some point of their life, and the Centers of Content of Disease reported that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Go back to my question: Why did I stand up?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly amazing man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Canada to face his demands.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just mark it?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone anywhere.
For me this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a manual man.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after they failed, because then the speaker has nothing to lose.
Other implications include permanent acceleration, even after the speaker has become causing, dentist of financial resources, and manipulation of the family system to terrorist the victim and their children, who usually are forced by the judges to spend time not with the man who was paying their mother.
And yet we keep asking why simply not go?
I was able to go, because of a last Palestinian physicist that I invented my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world: police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to strategic victims like specialized headlines, wonderful women, damaged women.
The question, "Why is it from?
For some people is a way to say, "The blame is your for standing," as if the victims are going to be able to be in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Love Love," I have heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also shocked, who learned an inexpensive lesson of what happened to them and who were rejected their lives joyful and happy and mothers, wives and mothers, completely free violence like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went to marry with a nice, small man and we have those three children.
I have that black lab and also that minimum.
What I'm not going to go back to have even more, and it's a cartoon punishment pointing to my head in someone who says it wants me.
Right now, the same one is thinking, "Hello, that's fascinating: or "Hello, how dumb it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which you're listening to me right now, which are being manufactured or that they were small or that they are abuses themselves.
The elevator could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love particular love by breaking silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse was just on the silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the back to the light talking about it with his children, their coworkers and friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene in order to climb their climbing and show victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oxygen and peaceful ones.
Thank you.
Hi. I'm called Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have seen this way.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of fortune to push it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they came out, they don't have to tell it now, but I would find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These cats are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girl in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me to open up the back, and it would affect the hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial brain like the one that made me two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect of it, which, although surface and immunized, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but a sincere form.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a catalyst discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I did model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage.
Well, in the last centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we're biologically programmed to admire -- we've also associated with a high and ability shape and the feminist and the white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've known that I have known to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who now show school, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say, wait. There are Namibia, Titan, Joan Standay, Liby Win.
First of all, the happy to know so many models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and each of the models in the runway, and from the 777 models hired -- only 27 -- is to say, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always do is, could it be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a child child surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the record of the American Voice magazine or the CEO of HIV, or the next Steven Mexican.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose to.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the cardiac surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've already heard of your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, model of underwear for 10 years, people would look at you weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are retired.
And yes, you very quickly pick up all the pictures, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me and also the first time I used a biosphere, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I light together my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a couple of days before the photos for the French vote.
So here I am with my football team and I saw.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They're creating a group of professionals, percentage, machines, photographers and statistics, and all of their aid and possible people and positions, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, do you get free things?
I have too many containers of 20 inches and I never use, except last couple of it, but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and forgot me to take money, and they gave me the free dress of it.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a psychiatric computer, and he jumped up a red season, and of course, they stood up, and I just felt a sorry, agent to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege by my way, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140 teenage teenagers who were given and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino -- most of them were young men.
And there are only 170 black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
How many times would you stop me? And what?
When I research for this talk, I learned that 50 percent of 13 girls in the United States don't like their body, and that figure goes to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a little bit more deliberately, and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and fantastic.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative and ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and hair harmony, will be happier.
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes more to the fashion but probably be the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to look at a situation of racial and gender care when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something that will go from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to take a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures -- and I didn't go through the pulled me.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the pictures, not even a minimum careful in the lighting.
In fact, most of them took them town by random.
My story begins when I was in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture to holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the 56-year-old corner of the 57 and five.
It gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take Sandi to New York City on a pace trip and continue the ritual?
So here is when we started to ask the tourists to get us to take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture to deliver the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever fled the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much of us would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way of stopping time in a week of October, and we will reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not just a physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new hypotheses, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceived and interacting with everything.
That particular time we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking on, when suddenly it stopped and pointed out a red tube of the wrist store that started small in previous visit.
And I described what I'd felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I began to remember his heart painting with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't know in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't doubt to get closer to somebody and ask it, do you get a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The buildings are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It's also been associated with distance rise as a mental characters, silly characters, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan pressure press, applause and calculations are the attributes that associated with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of the Parliament don't keep the environment.  The paradigms don't help prevent disease radiation.
They're just monitoring.   You're far to extinct.  And my favorite, the Buddhists have better presence.   There are two types of buildings on this planet.
There are the Brits in the New World who are mainly found in the Americas, like the centers and the stories, and the Britain of the World World where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the buildings important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
They're our natural garbage collections.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them being extended and causing large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buildings, the cadavers take three to four times more time in decreasing, and this has huge branching in disease radiation.
Button also has huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Newton was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and along with the copper -- simulated the unit between the Hill and the Lower Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology. Japan was the British god, and he risked his life to save the girl Sit of 10 Haiti heads.
In the Tibetan culture, they do a very important amount of entrepreneurs on open sky -- in places like the Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these guys provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the bridges?
We have eight species in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened extinction.
The reason is that they're being generated, and the reason that they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and family. The seasonal communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the buildings are victims of this.
In Southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of buildings are on the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years away, and the reason is because they fall pressure from the livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Dicket.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there are no future, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in cards of cards, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge time bomb for rage -- the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa, 353 regimes are going to be above the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them in half.
They're bird transplants.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of directors to serve the brown and the feedback market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're investigating these birds. We're putting them transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focus on a problem is literally not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments on regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the buildings, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active, make a noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we need to focus on these very unconsciously creatures. It will donate their time to spread the word.
When you get out of this room, they will be informed by the buildings, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors about the bridges.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and all I do is I produce my life -- it's been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, to 1977, but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Ivory of Maryland, Argentina and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set up in Africa.
And I was paralyzed.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we were angry.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "And "Andresters of Zambian, was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Maria to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the River River, and we teach local tours to grow Italian tomatoes and strikes, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they don't help.  We were astonished that the local locality, in so fragile valley, they wouldn't have had agriculture.
However, instead of asking how possible they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  Just to save the people from Market of man."
And of course, everything in Africa was very beautifully crops.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the women, "Look at how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, markets and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the guys, "Oh my God, the hypothesis."
And the cameras said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here:  "Why didn't you say that? You never asked it?
I thought we only were the Italians in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what English did, what English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste --  -- you should see the waste that we gave to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "David Death," of Mama Madagello, women economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, you know, Western donors -- we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has cause.
Just read your book.
So it is part of a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperative, collective missions, and we treat people just two things: or patents, or we are patents.
The two words come from the Latin Path Rat, which means "Parkins: "Man: "Father."
But they mean two different things.
Pathologist, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children, "I want you a lot.
Patriciantly, I treat all of the different culture as if they were my series.
So white women in Africa are called "Bang," child.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The little thing is beautiful," who was written by Schwart, who said about the whole economic development, if people don't want to be aid, sleeping alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said, can you imagine a city that is not neuroscientist?
I decided at the age of 27 years to respond to people, and I invented a system called Pharantic Company where you never start anything, but it has ever become a series of local passion, the server of the local people who have sleep to become a better person.
So, what does you do? It goes up.
He never gets to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of local.
We don't work from the offices.
We met in a cafe -- we met on a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give them an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find the knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for one time, we listen to them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never assume -- and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has been identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family physician of business, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in your coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of winning your life.
I started this as a test in Spain, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this descent garbage where we come to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to see me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I shut up and listened to them,   So --   So the government says, "I do it again."  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drum, one of the greatest corporate assumptions of history, went back to '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drum was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Drum says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative company.
planning is the kiss of the death of the entrepreneurial spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Christopher without knowing what the most attractive people in Christopher want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come to talk to you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll be going to be in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion and passion.
What are you talking about more this morning.
And that's what you have clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- "self-assembles not renewables -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nurture us, we carry, we educate, we transport us, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution for green revolution -- all universities forget."
The government governed? Forget it.
It's going to be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that is in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in the year 1860, this group of people gathered -- and they passed out about what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was the connection," the city of New York would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and seat, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to transplant the population of New York around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address it.
They were being advanced in dung --   So in 1860, they were doing this dirty technology that would take the life of New York City.
So, what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States they appeared 100,000 commercial manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few, shorts, factories in remote places.
Depression, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them confidence.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
And then you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated service service.
And indeed, you will have to tell the truth about understanding the truth.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell a fantastic marketing and you have to count with a fantastic financial advice.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, selling and looking for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've looked at and looked at the 100 companies known from the world, Westerner, Jesus, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: none of it was started by one person.
I don't have the word "my word "me," but the word "Our 32 times.
He wasn't only when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facilities, who are coming from an environment of small businesses sitting in categories, in bars with their cardiologists who will do for you, what someone did for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, someone who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you search for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, I want you to look at anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automates, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their approaches?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share more of our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and our dreams today?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots who give shame to lovers and barrels and groups for centuries and trust in a city.
There is a design in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most abandoned properties of America.
I live near this house and thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death and so forth.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for the living time.
It gave the significant things of my life today.
But I pretend to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day by day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard, and he painted on her phrases to fill out, "Before I die.
So the inmates could take a chalk. They could think about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept coming up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I died, I want to be judged by paradox:  Before I die I want to sit on the line of the date change."
Before I died, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I died, I want to plant a tree.
Before I want to live outside the net.
Before I died, I want to hug it once again."
Before I die, I want to go to someone's rescue."
Before I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space has been constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laughing at the rats, they destroyed me, and they gave me a little bit of hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and slavery ways -- it's about giving rise to reflection and contact, and remembering what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the civic center we did a kit, and now they've done walls in countries around the world, like Karajan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of argument, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is brief.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that we will prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what it matters to as individuals and as community and with more media to share hope, fear and stories, people around us cannot help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
RM: Remedian is 22 years old, it's high and very good.
It doesn't talk, but they transmit joy.
remix knows what love is.
You share it innocent to what happens.
It's not announced. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lie.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even get to me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very good.
It has the most shocking memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out of each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to make a little baby in my arm during the first episode of Led Gayla.
Does it seem amazing?
But most people don't agree with it.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust to the concept of society of society, they're often ignored.
But what I put to my heart and surprised my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary thing, it could only mean one thing: They were extraordinary and automatically and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual it makes a different way, from there that Remont is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that increases in the world, there is no cause or no known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized he was different.
He was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
He was living and revealed in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that would have between the media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the barbarians, the frustration and the endless hypertension, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without predictions, a human being that had never lied.
Areas.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments where they would have wish that they were just like me.
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normal happens by the beauty that give us the differences and the fact to be different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one single thing to Remon and Sam and you are, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have. They're a donor: each one of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for big, progress and change dies at the time that we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it should have been Alice in the Mars country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a class of communication students.
I was scared.  Assembly really -- Asseen of these students with his big minds, their big books and their big words and unconscious.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like when I had those conversations with students, I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges from energy to environmental and health care, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please have simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer you, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant for us.
They don't just tell us that they study the translators, but they study the transplants, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the optimism.
And when they're describing their science, careful with the jargon.
Leader is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "Space and temporary -- but why not say space and time -- which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing to make them stories.
Instead, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- these are ways of engaging and excited with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the battle signs.
They have wondered why they call balls?  What do the balls do? The balls kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it is supported in the area of the language of our brain and it substantially substantial.
Instead, this example of Generation Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of translations is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel tower.
So the trick here is to use a simple sentence -- legal phrase, that the audience can understand whether it's a little bit, and then we provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described to it.
I think these are just some key ones that can help each other open the door and see the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all the media will be heart --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of the entire English dictionary is "self-interest."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "shooting meaning "powerful politicians."
Even though there was a periodic editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A synthetic is the one that seeks a public charge without matter or particular, or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the use of a refugee verbal monitoring."
I have no idea what it means representative."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was thanks to the brave of a guy with the instant name of Brazil Crossian, who confronted the Parliament to the Parliament.
He was put on the London Tower and they filled him, but he had the enough courage to deal with them, and at the end had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase that "Tweets like the metal shot."
Most of you think it's literal stuff.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of expression of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to America right after independence, just after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that might have been fracting.
Some of you wanted to call it "Jewish de State Washington," and others, "Your Alternative George Washington," and other Defense Freedom of the U.S.
Not very attracted.
Some of you just wanted to call it "Right."
They thought it was about quality.
And not even that they were monolithics, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody is tired immediately, because this debate was provided for three weeks.
I read a poor sentence, and I always wrote, still with this subject.
What caused the retragence and the thing was that the House of Representation was against the Senate.
The House of Representation didn't want Washington to be horrible of power.
They didn't want to call it King because he gave him to her or his own shortage.
So they wanted to give the title more modest and more inexpited and more language than they were going on.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- it was already there before, but it only meant someone who presents a meeting.
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravitational than the term "capacity or "submarine."
There were the events of small colonial advertisements and government, but it really was an inextronged title.
And so the Senate is opened.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign up and meet with foreign digitals."
"And who will be serious with a title as ridiculous and inexpited as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't know.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to find out, the Senate has never been properly referenting the title of President.
The President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is a temporary measure --  -- that we can keep waiting for 22 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and this is the most important thing, and what I want to leave you with, is that the U.S. title in the United States doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to disability, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of very non-term vehicles and so on.
reality and history have taken the title of gravitation.
So at the end of the end.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the sense of singularity, well, it was a singularity at the time.
But you know how many nations do you have now?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end, the Senate won and the Camera of Representatives lost because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them they're now the president of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I want to leave you with.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually changing the words more than what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the down of supermarket bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that catalog of male today and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, I take a cheap light of light attached to your head with this slow sketchen, and I can barely distinguish the breaks of that hole in a meter that falls hundreds of meters on Earth.
He restored my hand and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell inches in that stance.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep part of that hole risking their lives without paying and recognizing, and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in Vancouver Peace Currency.
Among all of the amazing people I met there I met a "preventive "front of "Free The Walls, a NGOs who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world, but not such a grade.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad. I was hard to ignore this attraction of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a story and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet "Free the Walls and offer it my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty tricks.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people around the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of transnational slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today, you can enslave entire families for generations by family debt of 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disconnect.
slavery exists in almost everybody and, however, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick hormones.
This weird and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Disorder of Dana.
Important in a 24-year-old temperature of men, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up on a pound mountain side -- they fly mechanically brick in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they take them from the terrorist furnaces to trucks that are to hundreds of meters.
Democratic demands and sanitation work on silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no password to eat, not to drink, and the severe democratic demand was making it quite interesting.
So penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry, but the angiogenesis who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Jesus, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained to me very clearly that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already gone.
I had to trust "Free the Walls and work inside the system for his release and trust that they will get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my shattered heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids carrying rocks for miles by mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting at the bottom.
Those big plates were more heavy, more heavy, than the children who put them up to their heads with cardiologists made of strikes, string and death.
It's hard to witness something that was so undergraduate.
How can we influence something so insulin, but so unconscious?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were coming up with their freedom, the slavery showed up their houses.
When we hear the word slavery. We often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness that would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was approached by women who had previously been sexual slaves.
I was driven by some abstract stairs that gave this dirty basement, of faint fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a smile.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restored, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms where the slaves -- the slides with their girls and children, some of the only seven years -- they're forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty and identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a book and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
On the punishment, I remember a fear of aggressive aggregate, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be caught in that hell.
I just had a sauce: the stairs where I went in.
There were no dry doors.
There were no window enough to climb up.
Those people don't have scary, and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people involved in agriculture, in restaurants in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were entire families in the silk trade.
This is a family portraits.
The black hands of black are the father, the trials of blue and red, of their children.
They mix the titles in these large barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the title is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We are still wait, though, can come out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in Lake Volved, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fish in a boat, two older brothers, some younger brothers, makes sense of it?
mistake. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their familiar families and disappeared and forced to work rise to these boats on the lake, even though they don't know swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be amazingly, it feared that his little canoe was seen.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling the water.
The branches of the branches of the trees in Lake Volve often catch networks and children, failed and fear and fear, they get thrown into the water to take the branches down.
Many of them are drowned.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee. And like all life has been treated with crash, often treat the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they were using the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
The cold night and the windy night.
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're free of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosovo.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter where "Free The Wildlife reported victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes possible.
Who will be because of somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
Driving through a road in Ghana with "Freedom The Walls, an algorithmic fellow with his mouth of sudden accelerated and surprised our car and touched the window.
It asked us to follow it by a dirt path to the forest.
At the end of the road, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then he pointed out this guy just visible and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Come on.
As we started down, we took the liberals that blocking the way and after walking about an hour we found that the path was encouraged by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we drop in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the second path ended up amazing in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of slave workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and while they were looking for gold.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are slaved in a pump in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, infected, because many had been underground.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people load heavy piles of stone that will then be transported to another area where they would kill the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and violent men, but if we look closer, we see a lot more lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it is very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and of environment in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When he died his father he took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors say it should be absolutely.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and don't hear that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with help of local activists like "Free the Walls, and it's this kind of determining, of face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you all over the world.
I wanted them to know that we will make testimony of them and to do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines. They're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these beautiful people, balanced, I've had the great honor to know.
And I hope that these images take a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is a fire and that that fire will provide light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do application and there's a peculiar problem for who it does, and we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try to explain what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We have the variations of the ballet and the calculator dancers -- that we'll see more ahead.
But the whales demand a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial approach that can well have a genetic components.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil is gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Struggling who, in his time, was a virtual dance dance.
In the last few years, it has been very committed to treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable skill, vertical, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and serious metric of it.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neuroscientist of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside clinical trials, they never do -- it's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
It would not be needed personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a convenient way to try it, you see, in a sense, at least -- we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Strange.
This is a video of the viral string viral.
It shows somebody who's healthy as you get sounds when you speak, you can imagine as a vaccinated ballet dancers because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed. The Fuxulet, for example.
And like the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think of the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and as well as Parkinson's affected the limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
At the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular version of vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice and deliberate and risk.
The speech becomes more quiet and approved after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with clinical trials -- well, both of these are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both are precise. Well, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized either.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets a cost so low, it goes on to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address it.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It wouldn't make it go to the clinic for the routine chess.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could do low low-cost mass recording for clinical trials, and for the first time, failure checks at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of the disease before it is too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Parking Institute.
Along with Italian and Pakistanism, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents. And I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Maki, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What are you going to get out of these samples?
Max Little Yeah, yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not disease. TR: Yeah.
LM: You see, some people may not pass it out. You may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the confusion factors to look for the real markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this time?
LM: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Thanks, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and it's now shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which I added the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Novelty and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
LM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little public.
LM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March from 2011, I did photographic retains in New York City.
We're planning creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in fourth windows and usually avoid sunlight.
We do even more delicate models yet, the perfect skin even more perfect -- we do the impossible, possible and criticize us on press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A few time later, an organization where I was voluntary -- there Halls Volves, was in place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 went to Orbit.
It's a small town of fishermen located in the presentation of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall, and over three miles wide inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble out of the channels and the called the called.
We cleaned schools, and we took the house and we left the lists to be acknowledged and rebuilding.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, push, powered from the local factory.
We got sick and loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers and neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and CDs and CDs.
Everybody did the same thing.
Put them up and take them to different places of the villages around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered in.
While they were out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village evatait.
He helped clean the common bathrooms the enormous, giant baby.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the encryption center takes the photos.
And there they took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was going to go through my horizons that something happened.
By looking at the pictures, I found some who had over a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that rail and repair that restriction and know hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started taking the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strongly, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had a lot of precision and delibiation.
In another way, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the photo photographed.
At the time of time, they came up for more photos, and they needed more retrospects, so it came into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Machine, a neighboring town in the north of Marine.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they took in giving them is a different story, of course of the depression of photos.
It could be an hour. It could be an hour.
It could be about months.
This king had to be dramatically drawing by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures embedded in saltwater water, bacteria, with algae with algae, even with oil, all of that together with the step of the continuing time destroying them, so clean them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't take the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been rescued by his owner of it.
We were lucky with cleaning by hand.
We count the guidance of a remarkable neighborhood.
It's very easy to give even more of the pictures as well.
As Winner, my group leader is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
He had started cleaned it out, but he stopped realizing that I gave them even more.
I was also doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild it, we were able to blow out the images in a single picture and take a complete picture.
When I picked up his pictures share something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a bomb station between the rubble that they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the walls to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the signs were sitting.
Her little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he gave her pictures his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do that, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember the past that would have been killed by that March day when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there Hans hundreds of them, they helped us clean up over 135,000 photographs -- the vast majority -- the vast majority of their owners came back to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us back 90 families hundreds of fully respected photos and retired.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials -- most of them in the ink for printer.
We take pictures of this picture.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a relationship, somebody wanted to be.
They're guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take to us, but the first thing we would go back to for.
So this was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of retailers.
Some of them connected them with something bigger to return something, using their talent for something that is not thin models of perfect skin.
To end I'd like to read this email -- I sent it City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I returned, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in pictures.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the little girl and gathered around a baby, moved around me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter was born, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Apples ...
We do Edison Edinburgher inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through a apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph -- the memory, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rice, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser score and put it up and put it into a billion of a second, it is, in several ways, to create a painting package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that ball, will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that balance and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons take into this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all this --   Remember that all of this happens in less than a night is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't answer this research.  You have a lot of things in this movie, and you get this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our ball, goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and within it starts to disappear.
Some of the light is flying down to the table, and we started to see these collaborators.
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside inside.
At that time, the waves travel around the table, and because of the reflections of the upper part you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the implications are focused on.
Now, if you take a common and current bullet and make it go through the same distance and see it in a slow camera for about 10 billion times, how much you think would take us to see that film?
One day? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  -- from a slow balloon balloon.
And what about testing with death nature?
You can see the waves that are stopped from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, from a feature at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this shot, you realize that, as the light gets additted from the tomato -- it keeps brilliant. It doesn't darkness.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce in its inner and it goes back after various billions of seconds.
In the future, when this memory is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture of low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so I'll just go into some light.
We sent that balance -- that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very stupid situation, we took those giant data giants and we completely interviewed them to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all that data in raw and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a sustainable future would allow him to see after the rich?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Rebuilding, entering the room, one part will reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light rebellion.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left is our memory.
Behind the wall there is a manipulate and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works so fast, our friendship, has unique capacity.
It's very good temporal resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture, you can see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will we put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open window.
Or we could build the constitutions of looking at the inside of the body soleming hidden, and the same thing for cardiovs.
But, of course, because of the tissue and the blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about the memory as a new modernity of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just like Dick Edinburgh, he himself a scientist, turned the science into art, an art of ultraviolet pictures.
And I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It creates a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color codes.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few biologists of second.
But this is also a fun thing.
If you look at the waves under the lid -- these are coming away from us.
waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order of events in the world sometimes appears to invest in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion here.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life and give you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can get it to South Conduction and make famous.
All of this is possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a Chinese boy and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were projecting for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people gathered that they were looking for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a cell phone here?
Let's get it.
Raise your mobile phones, get them up to it.
Let's get it. An Android, a Black, woman: Wow.
It's a lot. Almost everybody has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, my mobile phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a conductor.
The data.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information of users.
Who calls who he sends an email to who he sends to.
Who sent a text to whom he sends him.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored at least six months, and until two years, in his phone company or his Internet provider.
And all over Europe people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data data.
We want the self-organization in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Libera, not fear.
And some of them even said that this would be the status of 20.
The Statis was the secret police of the East Germany.
And I also wondered whether this works really really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, Demerid Telescope, who at that time, was the largest telephone company in Germany, and please send me all the information that you had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Demerid Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they would send me the information that I had.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the institution for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly thing on brown with a CD inside.
And at the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand years of information lines.
At the beginning, I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit school, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step at night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data data means.
So, next to Zero Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and get up, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from France in train to Colony, and how often I call the way.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call them each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State would have known who involved in this protest, and if the State had known who leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall, maybe never happened.
And in consequence, not the Earth Correction.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight the authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not just a fashion.
When they go home, tell their representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones that are served to remember that they have to fight the authority in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
I call me Mayor Zachumberry, and I'm not string, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, suspended to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I have the time all the time.
Look at it.
It's a lot. I'm like a miracle of Shake.
And Muhammad Al.
Dr. C. is not genetics.
It's not contained and can be contributed.
No one was able to get my mother to my mother, and I didn't find it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It just happens for accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they wish to be disappointed.
We go from walk.
Christmas views, are they in the mall.
16 empty places for disabilities.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little bit disabled?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. It's just one of them.
There is an electronics of the operation, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian pantory, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Climan, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the way."
The mantra of my father was, "You can -- you can -- "Dan sandwiched?
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I was climbing.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were delivered to the school system, and they would make sure that I was also out, and if we didn't take all of the next note we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five at my feet and just walk.
Another technique that I used was to take a dollar in front of me to get it out.
The poster that I carried into was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a bomb champion.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
There are 20 Arabs now, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think appropriate to use "Debris to the Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot that died of hunger during the radio.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so I will get away from dawn to addresses is very easy.
Bank two in Broadway, Barbara.
Yes, in Brownium. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with cats, or I can walk with cats.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends were using cats, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we become Manhattan.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to be sand, so I drink my milk, I was put hot cup on the back, I immersed myself at the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "It works, it works."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a standard common that I couldn't put on foot ...
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforce this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General hospital telephone.
I went to college through the positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, Arizona, because I was going into all the caps.
It was like the mask of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my class, and also in their classes.
Every time I was doing a scene of the crystal zone my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Balka very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with cerebral paralysis.
So I started screaming at the four winds, and I finally got a role.
I have brain paralysis."
At the end of the fine."
Thank God today, I am free."
I didn't get paper.  They gave him Serbid Brown.
I went to go into the director of the theater department, crying, historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a role for which he had literally born and gave it to an act without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of hearing actors without disability for disabled paper.
When I grew home, I came home, and my first current tour was like extra in a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be able to "compress "Best friend of friendship in a sanitation.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see me more than the nuclear, and it was obvious to me that reporter directors don't hire gratificate actors, not white, with disability.
They just hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whatack Goldenband, Rosan Barry, Charley, and all these women had one thing in common: they were common.
So I made a human human.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comic that I took when I fell in the account that I was going high speed on the highway of New Jersey with a driver that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked in clubs from all of the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, no censor and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first monologist in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little disgusting rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my mother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Federal comedy Festival in New York, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the United States in media and at the same time remind the director of sports that substantial and Arabic are not significant.
Interesting Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the sharing of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news show, and he says back with Keith Obama.
I entered as if I went to a graduate dance, they dragged me into a study and sat on a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and said, "Excuse me, can you give me another sing?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were in live."
So I was clinging to the desk of the speaker to not go out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was playing.
I finally had my opportunity and the disappeared -- I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Obama went back to inviting me, but he was a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something that I learned in direct with Keith Obama was that people on the Internet are scary.
It's said that children are crisis, but they never were surrounded by me or a child or a little bit of a child.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a bravery object.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why is it the time?
"Is it retired?
And my favorite, poor bank terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for it."
A commerce suggested even that I would add my disability to my cure, and the guilt, a common, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Beijing can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled are the things -- yeah, they spray, man. Come on.
Discussions are the largest minority in the world, and the most understandable in the world of entertainment.
The doctors say it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My torture travel has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red red carpet by the device of the Now Superman Lucis and the clear Load Arabias.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sander and work with my pain, the amazing Dave Matthes.
I went to the world leaving "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was dependent on the great state of New Jersey at the CEO of 2008.
And I founded "The Children in Mayan: an organization charity to give children pantic refugees a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in alive, and he dedicated this talk to his memory.
(Audience painters, "Dad."
I call me Mayor Zacha, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a little town to South South South.
This village is near Muthman.
The droughts to the small village to poverty and the edge of innovation.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mordie, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Muthanic.
After maybe a year later, nothing.
One day it is about a gentleman who offers him to take him to lunch after dinner, to drive.
He knows a group of people who give him a display.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
They present a young lady.
He finally got home.
A new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Moophore, under a blue sky, is a bomb car.
That little boy of that little village with the dreams of the great care was the suicide bomber -- and that dynamic group of people were al Shadi, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little town of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him immediately?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came in.
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call "the wait period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the markers, young urban urban young people who are disconnected in Jonanois in Boniches, they find riots in London, who look for something beyond the waiting period.
For the young people, the city promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but the young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the species of the waiting period, the door of access to terrorism -- to violence, to the salaries, to be the story of the cities 2.0 cities.
And in my city of birth, Moranigation, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They do virtually nothing.
I went back to Mozart last month, and I went to visit the Middle hospital, the hospital where he was born.
I remember being in front of that hospital to balance thinking, and if I'd never been gone?
And if I'd been forced to be in that same period of expectation?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mordie that month was actually to store some youth leaders in a business curve.
I assembled about 90 Somali youth leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that the city face.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Muthanic, he graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated -- was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Moraniga, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize them.
You see an opportunity and you get it.
It started a motorcycle company.
He started by adding motorcycle to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time expand to hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this different story do?
I think his ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the entrepreneurial spirit -- and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
The young people are going to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mound, a Florida.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the course of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mordie has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, Monterey came in, if you wanted flowers to your wedding. You were using plastic people from the fire.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw free flowers from free?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a formal design company and design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mordie, and he started to grow tunas and little libraries, who said, could survive the hard climate of Muthanis.
And he started the flower of flowers for bottles, creating gardens in the homes, and the city companies -- and now it's working on the creation of the first Muslim public park in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Muthanic.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial roots.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the Mobile presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought of starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at his city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that might be artificial change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that the city face.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put in the way of their businesses.
They connect young people with the resources they need, breaking the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, that's how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They go on hiring the street children to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paradigm of the wait period."
These young entrepreneurs are having tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people in entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and have more stories about flowers and Patiest Parks than buttons and waiting periods."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to me with my dad on the Archive mountains, an area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest connected.
The sun was making leaves glow like a victim, and not to be on the path that we kept on, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to weigh that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a corner in a rice with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the core there was a garbage of about four feet in the heart of popular paper balls of aluminum paper balls, and old caps.
And I was announced, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The cartoons who were too lazy to get what they had brought out, who thought it was going to clean up their base?
That question went on with me, and it felt a little bit.
Who cleans our base?
No matter how they organize or where you put the outcome, who clean our trash in America?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Canal Clinton is clean out of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through her trains and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interpretation.
He needed to go into more than that.
So I started working as a trash record.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical scars and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you are rapidly used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies were still advising the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratory Statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous things in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around you around you.
They just want to go by, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that are often falling from the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about the implementation of garbage.
When you get out of the cave and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a way of breathing or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think waste records are the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protocols.
If you don't get rid of the waste in the efficient and effective form every day, this begins to destroy your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to break and start to diam.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the motor engines start to fail when it is in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, I just point on their relationship.
And then there's what I call our average speed need.
I mean just the speed that we used to move on in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't repair or clean or take our coffee cup and our balloon battle, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will be charged from it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that might help reduce the stigma and get them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost literary.
They're in the street every day, romanticizing.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you wait.
And their work allows us to make our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keep us apart from ourselves, of our own waste, our disappears, and that flow always must stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the grandmother of a waste collection truck on the street, I grabbed my little son, and he lowered the stairs running around, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as all the millions did.
And I tried to thank you to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assigned, and he said, "Let's be okay.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I began to investigate the resistance of waste and see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rediscover the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
municipal waste, what we think of when we talk about garbage -- they represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one that you see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, you take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects today as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abumba.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and to me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out right?
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to solve.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to use a lot of energy because of the crisis of crisis generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling in.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the entire year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a problem taking a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I really really captured the ancient market that is this free air structure where thousands of people go and buy things every day to small sells.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inventing the site, which is located in a very growth area of the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets by bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this is spread with an incident that creates a space to the free air in the building that was self-assembled, for its own shape, the sun and the rain itself.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do we close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue that was similar to a spray of concrete to allow the input of the air, and also the light, but in a filtered way.
We then inspired us in these beautiful buttons of the stories of the Ethiopians.
They have fractal geometry, and this helped me to model the face.
We're building that with these little preference pieces that are the windows that allow the air and light in a way controlled inside of the building.
This is combined with these little crystals of colors that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we ask.
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the shopping center, because ultimately there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy authority for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that create this urban obsesses.
And these pictures on the roof, which is together collecting water for the health of the inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we're going through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to do such a big project, the biggest that I had designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with 12 doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards of Europe.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small project of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we had a scheme that claims that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians for the person.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density in higher levels and a smaller density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like covering community in the occupied space by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socializing and making activities like running a two miles race in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the lives of people change to communities and local economies to the same pace that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between community and environment and that have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had big amounts of hair and a little bit of children, little storytellers. It was very strong for states of states, very good for organization.
I ended up that year, and I was filled with rut, until I brought my sign plan.
One day I spent a time after the school exit -- I was a little afternoon, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was displayed, I went out, I entered the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the calculator book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just a few of them.
All the way.  And I was going to get the book into the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a friends, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put them all out of Day and myself a row of that, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was dramatically obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I would tell myself the reason why I was bothered by this child, so small, it was so good for organization.
I'm intrigued by the cells.
They're so mysterious and so penguin.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also, the primates, the blue birds are very property.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab that the cells are studying in all of their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no cheers, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Hello the infinite, there would be no "Biologist: "Being: There's no operation."
There would be no check and the "Thousand and a night."
There wouldn't be Shakespeare.
The high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The Roden and the Furniture," there would be no Gifts or "Physics: We will lose "Mama Borney: and Anna K.: We will lose "Man: We would lose "Man: "And "Ann K.: We would lose "Month?
No cheeseeps, no Prosthetic, I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost the ones have all of them.
This year you get 100 years of your masterpiece, "In search of the lost time, the most exhaustive study of sexual cells and also ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prazzy, we have the sensory details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think about a manufacturer management in your landscape.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forgot how unlikely it is.
I mean, this is about books that Virginia Wooll said were as hard as a time time.
I don't know what the cat is, but suppose it's superintelligent.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cheeseeps, the balls and Prazzol.
Is it going to be very obvious as the hairs that reduce the person, to their wish, to their implications, are a really solid narrative base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel checks.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
One story about the life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
By being race and audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to bring the knife off, right?
The cells make us all at all navigation analysis, and that's something that Prazzo understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single fresh love that Salaz detected in his lover, he adds him to his collection of tutoring instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Santa and Prazzo, were notoriously cheap.
You know, Prate translators would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so fancy to recognize that it's hard work. Right?
The cells are already.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cheeseeps?
The balls are nutrient from information.
The cells use details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small stuff of pencils are stuck.
The hairs fought from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --   Praye link well the language with the cheese of the cells.
When Sandi is in his color agency, suddenly he hears behind the doors and bribe to the services of his lover and then defend those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is reputation, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a monolorul."
He says, "These are scientific research with real intellectual value.
Prazzo is trying to prove that the cells look intelligent and make us seem absurd, but in their molecule, they are pursuit of knowledge, search for the truth, a painful truth, in fact, to what to Prazzo control, the more painful the truth, better.
The pain, the humility, the loss. These were the pathways to the President of Praye.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffering, causes us a range of feelings much more profound and vital than a wise man who can be interested."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crime women?
No. I think it's trying to say that cells reveal us ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that drives us our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at intensity so permanent?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very angry young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was campaigning.
And Freud said there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent. Everyone knew it.
The poor creature was under suspected without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife without realizing innovation behavior.
So much too much of it is it accelerated with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the fate of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
novels are very well described how cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become the restaurant residents.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at 8 years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman at 55 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since they were sending their voices, horrible to himself, for a year.
For a year, a whole year.
She was trying to link to the new girlfriend of his former girlfriend, I have to confess that when or this, it reacted to admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big, even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patricia Highway.
Highlowant is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The "Thermostuck in a Trence and "The talented Mr. Relay, books that deal with how the hairs are confused, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what might be, can be proposed in an instant.
Take Tom Rileson, his most famous character.
Tom Rileson is going to want you or want what you have to get out of your own and to get out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your rings, it takes your banks out your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rileson route.
I can't give you all the world, as much as I would just like to.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in the time of jealousy.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where is the condition of the environment? Right?
The novels show us the fall? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to Bakakasak Street and ask for Sheller Holls.
When people think about Tols, they think about the curse.
But I've always lost "The Institute of Research, the chief head of rat from Scott York who needs Tols desperately needs the Hollywood genius -- but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Test needs their help, but it resisted it, and bubble with shame in the fall of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six National Navels," once Hollywood comes in, he deliberately goes back to the Tolopeals and says, "We're not jealous -- Mr. Tols.
We're proud of you."
And he says that there's no person in Scott York who didn't want to shake my hand.
It's one of the times that we see Tols in history. I think this is very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells like a geometry, no emotion.
You know, in a minute, Toloscomps is from the opposite side.
The next minute they are on the same side.
Suddenly, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being a result.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a geometry, just a question where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the policy plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to connect them.
Just the fiction described the cells.
The fiction used to take the dominant towers, invite them to the table.
And look at what the gravity -- the Superman Death, the terrifying Tom Riles, the crazy Santa, the same Marcel Prazzo.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Alex jumped out of the algae of Apollo 11 and discovered about the Target of the Transmitter.
Armstrong and Alex were alone, but their presence in the surface of the world was the culmination of a consumer collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including the Apollo One.
But before the Apollo Play financial, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on their surface, which Alex after the Army death last year, is now the oldest person.
So why did they be?
They didn't bring a lot of the back, 382 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would feel later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviet Soviet, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon Moon?
Why will it become our goals?
And you could also ask, why do we climb the highest mountain more high?
It's 35 years ago, why fly on the Atlantic.
Why do I play Rice against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Power: For the contexts, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tricks.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane and penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated and removed the smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to make what Alvin Tonal in 1970 called an airline forest."
For most of the history of humanity, we could not go faster than a horse or a candle, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew is 40,000 miles per hour.
Since 1970, no human will have come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism of the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that we imagine that technology will solve like going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be interesting results.
I remember looking at the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape of the Saturn Saturn rocket.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that was from "Story to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists would have been distracted and signed up with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have extended and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a particular explanation in Silicon Valley, which continues to have created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel was funded in Microsoft, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the cultures, in concrete -- the incentives that venture capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what is wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their legal point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investment, small investments that they could come out in 10 years.
The Corned always had problems to invest in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is the long term -- have never invested in developing technologies that are meant to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biology. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biology.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete on price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would incentivize the development of an alternative energy, most of a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we'll see a U.S. energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technological, not to be.
We know for the time that famine is the result of failure in food repair report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food report, but there will be famine while there are bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes electric a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon will declared the war to the cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some of them terribly resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present, and the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must actually support the solution, it should really be about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, it turns out with those criteria.
But it's a modern model in the future.
We're not in 1963.
There is not a ganging competition like the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who is doing the hard and the dangerous thing, and there's no popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are just in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to begin to remind you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche in our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recognition," there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover trust.
I think the record, the target and the task has been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recognition, a target and a task -- that I think gives a more clear idea about it.
First of all, what do people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I dare to think that it may have been diminished in some activities or institutions and that might have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were decided to be 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same destruction.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite reliable -- judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half of the way.
But is this enough?
What opinion polls are reconstructed are, of course, opinions.
What else can you reconstruct?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust politicians? Do you trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the versions?
Do you trust the pieces?
Do you trust the primary teachers?
You'd probably start to ask for what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust me in some, but in other notes)
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to play trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of organization, function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give you the kind of reading, but in any way to drive school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my closest friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to make a secret.
Simple.
What if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is difficult, why are we left all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to organize the good inherent judgment in fact to trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goals?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will build.
I would have more confidence in what is described of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who were holding their savings with the very closely named Mr. Damago, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Department or negative confidence with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yeah, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competing? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competition in the perfectly perfectly perfectly materials and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a confidence of trust.
But if, in the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forget.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm happy to say that I think I don't have many friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely destination.
If it's like that, I still haven't been worried.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions, professionals, functions and so forth, that were easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than it will stay on the party?
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional and the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness.
What they do is make the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts, expand that "marketing the calories, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, by the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and things would be different if we try to be a bit of confidence and we will transform the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or politicians are trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- what's not done properly.
Third, the task.
And I'll call the task rebuild trust, put things upside down.
It suggests that you and I should reconstruct trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, is different, because we give it other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them the good enough so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to take some favorite evidence that you are trust.
How do you do that?
That is a daily day, everywhere, the ordinary people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give you no explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're confident and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing on is not very difficult to discover.
In what people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we've been striving to reduce separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material and the world of the screen where imagination can be described.
This separation has gone down, increasingly and more and more and more, at the point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass screen -- and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started to imagine what it would be.
And I first created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong operation against the screen is transforming their physical body into penguins.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Microsoft Applied from Microsoft, along with my mentor Cathron Boule, I redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of 3D space, and grab penetrations directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, to get them as easy as to grab a book of a standard.
You can hear the book and get out lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us have bought and shown things around the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual prostate on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a display in your head or translate when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would be a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Island and my collaborator Redy Post, we created this only physical piece.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplicity, what we did was we put gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical access and detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back back and forth in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distant constraints, and the famous take from Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planets, the physics, and unlike the monitors or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a giant for two years in Huntington, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the paid.
But my mother was, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After survival the Cultural Revolution, they believed that there was only a zero path to happiness -- a safe and good job.
No matter whether work would work or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer sandwich.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start to train from very young to learn the actions, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and the speaker of a radio program.
But no adults was given the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Just my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at age 15, I knew it was too much more to train me.
My dream will never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved looking for another committee.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember books.
"For "Standards Complete Stones Chairs: "The History of National Housing) I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese campaign life.
And it's not a convenient conversation. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reveal, "Hands your father and mother."
"Haven here, I said, "It's so different, and much better than that you will."
So it became my tool to get out of this conference of conflict and to reshape the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave me place to my comparative reading habit.
It brings a lot of perspectives.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to myself, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
Comparing reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research, why not also do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can be treated by people "Bern Francisco Frankly, of Wallarth Islamist John Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adams?
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha they're all psychological -- luckily, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Canadian Tube Path Look at Thomas Witter Talks, instead of losing me in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, this is through translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "paper fly: Oh!
And "Toy in Chinese, literally means new mother, Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to feel just going to feel or impossible ever.
Having a destructive dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness.
Even a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books are always accompaning them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychology of psychotherapy.
I was a documentary student in the clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using cowboy and a hotel tour, and he stood on the couch of my office, and he told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My class colleague had a permanent person as a first client.
And I took a vessel that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, I was easy to just move the head while we retract the solution.
"The Trees are the new seconds, he said Alex, and so I saw her, she was right.
You start working after, you get home afterwards, you have children afterwards, you have the death happening later.
For vessels like Alex and I had a time.
But shortly after that, my supermarket gave me to push Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant to me.
I said, "Of course, it's coming up with guys under his category -- it costs with a head head, but it's not like it was to marry him."
And then my supernova said, "Not no, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best time to work on the marriage of Alex is before it is caused.
This is what psychologists call a "Art Morning."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex be a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex be the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but to the careers, the families and the faith futures everywhere.
There are 50 million vessels in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one gets to adulthood without passing before the 20 percent.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the veriedalls here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with vessels, you love a vessel, you take a sleep, you take a steel, I want to see -- it's fine. The very rest of the truths matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Olympic -- who shape their life will have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People from more than 40, don't go into panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up with its second and last growth stage in its 20s and is represented by adulthood, which means that if there is something they want to change themselves, now it's time to change themselves.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s that at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its area at 28 and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 is the moment to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will be built.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what marketers are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are running the selection names to the Venezuelas like "The Steinetteens and "diseases."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a translation that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berning said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you pat a beat on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it doesn't absolutely happen.
And then every day, very smart vertical, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as I start a race before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are in the end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better cure the day I graduated from college."
And then he starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music was turned out, and everybody started sitting down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30."
Where are the string here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but they don't wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30s, there's a huge pressure to the trees and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible -- and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the time.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Now realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of trainers and courses look like themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and talk about their 20s, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what marketers are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work on art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a month.
As it was cheaper -- I lived with a boyfriend, which showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite about 20 very difficult life, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she came up with her to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for directors, and he had spent the whole morning with her lots of contacts, but then you saw the empty space that follows after the words "In case of emergency -- please call me "the "word: "For famous.
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to care if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really cares about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as a way to just sit while the decade of Emma was going on.
So, during the next weeks and months, I said to Emma three things that all versions, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity, I mean to do something that added value to their person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma race, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interview, of that company that they want to test on.
I'm not describing the version of the version, I'm cutting out the exploration that I shouldn't say, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's productive.
I told Emma to explore jobs and to tell them.
Secondly, I said to Emma that urban tribes are surrounded.
The best friends are great to take the airport to the airport, but the veriedalls that come together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know about, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from its closest circle.
The new things come from what they call faint friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the vessels have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way to control this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is how you get a post-related job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but like vegetarian, Emma soon will choose his family, when he has a partner and shapes his own family.
I said to Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit up than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or take care now when everyone in Facebook start walking towards the altar.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just going to work or kill time with who it is that I choose you.
So what happened with Emma?
Well, we took that director and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That piece of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend, which I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organizing events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously constantly.
She loves his new career, she loves his new family, and I got a letter that said, "Now emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love working with veneers.
It's very easy to help them.
The vessels are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, who go out somewhere in the west.
Just before the shower, a slight fit in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fish.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 p.m., and even at the age of 29 -- a good conversation, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here this is my idea of spread to all the vessels that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege to say to veneers like Emma every day: The trains are not the new 20, they collect their adulthood, they get identity capital, they use their shipping clients, they choose your family.
Don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in general consulting for a work that was even more excited."
I went to teach students to graduate students in New York City public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied exams.
I give them tasks.
When the work came back, the grades.
What struck me was that C. wasn't the only difference between my best and worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better performance had no punches of C. strategies.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in seventh grade, safe, are difficult, properties, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of doctor, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
It's the C, but what if you're successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging stages, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Millise West Power.
We tried to predict what chains remain in the military training and who would be retired.
We went to the National Department of Deposit and tried to predict what children would move the most possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and of those who will be the most effective outcome of learning from the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking yourself, which of these marketers are going to keep their job forest?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts, a feature arose as a major president of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't C.
It was determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and work really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my conditions of determination and then waited about more than a year to see those who were graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly higher chance of graduate to graduate -- even when I started them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Contest Contest in which determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do you keep them moving for the long-term term?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who just don't keep ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly related or it's even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called mechanical growth."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carnegie Dak, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dock has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they are much more likely to stand when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start everything again with the lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculator, one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a fire, it seems to be as impressive as the Great China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand the basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read transit signals, restaurant menus, understanding the basic idea of the websites or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if it was shouting in a frequently, "astrological way, I'm beating -- this symbol is actually originally the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so that they believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's "going to go."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are cultural.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, have the food.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an ideal --  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is quite identity.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire fire, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together -- press.
Three together, those are demographics.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bridge.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun comes out of the horizon. And it will stop.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the crowd of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Tom, there is somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, picking up, slide.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, have careful is adult.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 characters.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as a eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is to the east of China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains on top of the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese emperor depressed their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you how to go out is a fall.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and dropped from stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw October of Oz together.
The movie mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glenn, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variation.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy of child fantasy.
However, October of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a quarter of years later, and in curious, another film whose protections, a metal boy and a warm boy rescued a young girl as the enemy of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Moo of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Okay Mage.
The monkeys are quite aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz did today, the magician would say, Doring, you are the salvation of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the commercial bread of the evil bread.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in the Okay magician is that the most heroic characters and the smaller characters are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a child.
Within just three years.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the surveillance level had dropped down.  So he stood in the room and he was impressed as a mom standing with his patterns behind, and I don't think he understood what was happening, but unfortunately, I absorb everything.
I wonder what it does.
Would it be value and persuading and leave?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is one military to deliver the government?
We compare this to the Olympic October Mage.
How do I win the movie Dorta?
By making good guys with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow -- Oxford, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so many capital force F, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the yellow stripe?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read as much about how children react to this stimulus stage.
I know the experience that the Lessey princess didn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that are missing.  I think at the time of the first kiss -- I really expected the credit to start out because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why do you stay there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and to defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they are the kids, they are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show children how to defend the patriarchal.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Herry and Kathmandria, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after classical after a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who raised a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Do you remember what the critic did when Valley came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a primary.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these movies happens the Beety test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There's still no rain and it's already properly, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alife Beach is a computer cartoon, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of mine on the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that must be done," in the movie, is there more than a female character than have lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point of the movie?
Their conversations are about something else about the kid than so much like it?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Arge.
Right? Russians from Okaquek, the story of taking, an idea of consensus of what is a Hollywood movie movie.
It doesn't pass the Beety test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the restriction crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations on this discovery, and it's the great time for one of the attitudes to take a look at the door and say, "Do you come to bed, high box?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular films, how many of them believe they have female protein?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number than this is going to take this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women said it's been sexually assaulted in his life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the kids for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked but something wrong with that, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there is a lot of sexual agriculture.
Who are those guys? What are they learning for?
What don't you get to learn in?
Are you associated with the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the village with violence, and then you charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we marined that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as to spin power, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask you to be wondering, is it going to protect you if at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to keep their own male power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly the parents.
I think we need to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of malaria is changing radically changing.
You've read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the astronaut.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character from Star Wars know what he said?
Obama.
Wignery Kennedy and Glenn.
What do these two people have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress of it.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of story for my daughter, and I like that kind of story for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which I say to my son, "Go and fight just and more stories where you see that your job is to join a team -- maybe a team led by women, to help other people better and be better people, like the Okay of O.C.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked the most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered in sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me get them.
This became a passion for finding things in love and architecture.
And finally when I started studying electricity, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 2,000 miles of length.
And my sea galleries had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared infrastructure.
This is a place located in Eastern Egypt in Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at the naked view, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape of the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and activists.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Titan, lost for thousands of years.
That was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Family, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire -- there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italian was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicator within the red circles here, but somewhere within this enormous aluminum plant.
This area is enormous, about six miles per mile.
So the nit of the wind of Titan and as he changed over time, he moved into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a separate city in a extinct landscape?
Trying to find it in random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a paint, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using goodness.
So, we use NASA topologists to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nilly flowers.
But you can see more determined, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we think might be the location of Titan.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs, you can see it here.
When I say a show, it's like the shows of show in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human cocture.
Five meters down, under a thick thick layer -- we find a dense layer of objective objects.
This means that in this possible location of Titan, five meters down, we have a layer of accumulation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period that we think is Titan.
We also found the work of prediction, coral and quartz and day, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the rocks that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still didn't find Titan here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to take young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire -- it was probably written in Titan 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the vocabulary.
There's nothing like that on land.
So as you look like, TED was not founded in 1984 Dr.
It makes ideas happen actually started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from high school.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
From standing outside the door of your house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that you're done.
Now visualize a group of obese nodes in bicycle.
They're competing on a narrative of bicycles and they're going to address their door door.
I need to look at this true.
They're struggling strong, they're sleeping, they're getting a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycle flying all over the place, wheels that go on on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in abstract places. They pass the door of the door.
To the lobby, the passenger, or what is on the other side of the door, and watch the quality of light, the light bright on the Monal Montess.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse talking about it.
You can feel your blue pen making them sticks in your nose.
You can smell the air garden and you get to be about to get into the mouth.
They walk on one side and train their living room.
In the room, and doing a maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Speed.
He's with a little bit clothes, dancing on his center measure, singing Him On Milk One Milo Time."
Now look at the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven come to you Doring, the David man and the Let's Let Out of Oh Oh "The Male of Oh Or October of your hands, jumping up to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
So I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that is taken on every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memory Campus: The United States.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I guess, that this was like the end of a supermarket supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ages and different amounts of hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a deck of nations.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coca who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Well, when you realize that you were a know?
Ed said, "I'm not a known.
I actually have an average memory.
Everybody who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained to do these miraculous memory act using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that used City to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books.
And my reaction was, "Well." How did I have not heard of this before?
We were standing outside the room of competition, and Ed who is wonderful English and brilliant, although a little exciting, he said, James, you are an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Septembers?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Speed how to memorize order in a live narrator card, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spains, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why it doesn't work sometimes and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He is analysis, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem. It's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic. But it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peanut. He was based on the role of Duke Houstas in the movie "Raisard Man: movie.
We spent a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, metabolizing telephone books. It was centered.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties on the written memory about a couple of more than 2,000 years ago in Latin, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory and distributed and crops was not as rare as it can look like today.
A lot of time ago, people invest in their memory, to actually provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they've also changed us.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are passionate about this idea of a trained memory and distributed and crops is this very unique memory of memory.
It's actually not so similarity. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Did you want to know: Do you have brains in some ways, structural or amazing different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test, and the answer was really, no.
There was a really interesting and really significant difference between the brain champions and the control subjects that they compared to them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains while they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow costs. They found that in the memory champions they were lit out of the brain, different to others.
In effect, they use, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is formed as an armed race where each year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of natural nations that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just he mastered himself.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 44,000 digits of random binary binary.
Yeah.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, all of all of the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call "collaborative college."
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the Baker Park." (Classical Paulo says, "The next thing -- I say to two people who remember the same word. I say to you -- "You know, there's a man called Bakaka."
That's her approach.
And then I asked them, "You remember there's a bag of the background."
And when I go back later, and I ask you remember that word that I told you a root?
Do you remember what it was?
The person who said that his name is Bakaka is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said that their job is bag."
The same word, different memory capacity -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything to you.
All the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word, bathroom. We know paradigms.
They use little white hats.
They have horror in the hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some paradigm.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting together astronomers to easily fish them at some point later.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is a 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the market of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Singapores that attended a battery.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before you wanted to give a very good party, it doesn't bring a DJC, he hired a poet.
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he was shown, and so soon it was, the balloon of the bank collapse.
killing them all.
But not only killed them all, but it destroys bodies by leaving them innocent.
Nobody could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting.
And so you couldn't bury your bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Singapores, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the bugs, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where it had been sitting every invited invention.
I took the family family to take them where their loved ones were being loved between the rubble.
What Sensors included at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instruments for word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to tell me the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Singapores, it's very likely that you are very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse parallel barrier in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, destructive, funny, stranger and appropriate is the image, more inevitable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin, at the first treatment.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that you have done it City if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to make some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unusual image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely instant competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the monster of the Galapagos Mandela on Mission Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Coca.
And then you would see Britney Speed to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roma speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, that will confuse them but typical by typical people.
In fact, the term "Toke comes from the Greek "points," which means "place."
It's a dress of when people thought about the arrow and the rhetoric with this sort of space terms.
The phrase "First Play," it would be like the first place in its memory palace.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got out of it in that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extraordinary about this substance of competitive memorials.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a patients event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school summer bought in a check market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly interpreted.
I had never expected it to be.
It was interpreted, because it wasn't just training memory.
What it is really about doing is better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, programmers, instants and observation and inexpensive embarrassment, in the eye of the mind.
I was very excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up going back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve from good police for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest -- something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's cute to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory palaps or memorize the bars of National -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply ourselves.
The machine palm -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a whole kind of attention that most of us don't have to exercise around there.
But the reality is that there are no storms.
That's how things are made memorized.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today, that's what E, the analysis I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence to be lost in Blackberry or iPhone, not paying attention to human being in front of us, who walks on our side -- will we be so horizontal that we don't even bother process in process?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remembering it.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll take a complex place, so we will tackle just a complex place. New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from New Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at home from my parents in a village called Lingband, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a bullet that gave the living room.
And there you all spend the rat looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone would see me, and every time I was shower and back in a towel -- everyone looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was tourist, insecure and hated it.
I hated that room, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, not from the division of area, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in places that we do.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little naive. And very, very predictable.
That means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it excited to them, think of power, "statistical and democracy."
And I know you think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a foundation that architects use to create an emotional connection to the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a very, very long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, strangers -- in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build -- the managers and governments, always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Liberians Public of Linux who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- colored the red brick -- that let me go into the engineering of what Lindable tries to communicate with this building, the children, the property values -- history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pension.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the current life.
We disappear, we drive and push so much, that we get completely removed from people.
All black, this depressed us. You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go on the other side and connect with those appropriate symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like transitions, so we started experimenting again, we make the power back to forward, over and over again. So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the called "biological called."
It's got to do with concrete.
That can be forced.
Small windows on destiny scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the angle back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know and we update them.
We add up and add cake and use new materials.
They love it.
We don't get advantage.
We took Charlie and we turned them into skyscrapers that can be medieval capsions made of glass.
The shapes were surrounded, they won in audacity and color.
Environments became columns of columns.
The numbers grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the rat in commercial centers, we move into the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasys could be the Mediterranean, the French or to the Italian.
Maybe with a stick of bread.
This is what happens with posting.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we have memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tory.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the slope again in the other direction.
In the '80s and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the committee called.
We take away the historical symbols, now we count with new computer design techniques, and we find ourselves with new composition, a few ways that are star against other ways.
This is academic and engineering, and it's super impossible. You get totally excluded it.
Normally, the dark press again in the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guanoo of Billie, from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldiary said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, were completely agree about a building.
The New York Times called this military construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So, all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings. Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Separtman.
Everybody wanted one, and Geraha was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical ways, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was gained around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing made the world's major mayors in the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon from the beginning of the new millennium, with other star architects.
He happened to Zaca and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all the architecture, and digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Imagine, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have to walk up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, they can take a ship, an airplane, they can be turing.
The accelerating technology -- you can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not very much time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before you know whether that designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Brothers was not a two-year movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were determined.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we are in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete or steel or analyze, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when the power is applied to the media, it starts to be more and faster and faster, to be in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it is effectively drawing the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was incorporated.
This is the center of a village called Pinos at Fire Island, in New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started to get and share it in social media, the building stopped being a building, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you did of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes the collective memory correspondent, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Lindable Library.
If that building was built today, we would first go to the Internet in search of new libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries: "New libraries:
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library.
That's monitoring.
Museums that can lead to the mayor of Linux, the people in Lindable, and tell them that there's no unique response to what a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing it.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use generous words and complicated drawings, and one is not a decorated audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
architects can listen to you, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the silent power of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seven can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are being used to nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for bomb, or even one can be married in the night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming, at the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community unit around that cause, it's not a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of renewables, so muscle and fabulous like the animals that are going to look.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make buildings more ecological and smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on the opposite side.
They find an architect, put them together and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the dominance to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
It just turned a year and he started walking.
And it makes it great, typical of the children of a year, by being killed, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that he likes to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves her reflex.
It turns out and sheet, and it gives itself those big and wet kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, "When do I do this?
How is it that we suddenly don't want to do with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking at Google, "Am I faith?
This is Fate, it's 13 years old and lives in Deng.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fighting.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him the whole thing that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
In between what his mom tells and what his friends or school colleagues tell you, you don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her, put it in YouTube, and ask others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or am I faith?
Well, until now, F has received over 13,000 comments at all.
Some of these are so distant, it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current. That gets these answers in one of the stars of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you doing to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, shooting, giving me like, "Having me, sharing, publishing, this is never over.
We've never been so connected in a continuous way, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in his fourth for the nights."
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implicating.
This environment, of being always connected, is advising our children to compete based on the number of "I like to have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what is not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manifested digitally.
What is the most prominent thing in someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are behind the news of the girls now.
zero-sum models continue to dominate our salts.
The technical technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, "Hubble, Gately, biological and prayer.
For those of you who get it, proper means protection.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the super-expertist stars of the sports and the running singers of the sports.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be a good world individuals.
But in an obsessed culture for the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as a contribution to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one out of three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical approach.
One out of five are not attending class at all.
And on the test season, if you don't think you look enough enough -- especially if you don't think you're hard enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your fellow who don't care about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it gets regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also defining health.
Teenagers with a bit of self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more non-bourch diet than they can take them to a food disorder in food.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all about what they make more risky decisions like the consumption of alcohol and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and shocked damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have again, regardless of whether they have or don't have greater consumer rates.
17 percent of women are not present to a job interview in one day that they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would be that opportunity?
To release this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking for itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first one is that we have to instill trust in its own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So, we have to make sure that the program that our children follow not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
One education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that take the rises in the issue, and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
It challenges the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the application of our politicians in hair or the size of their chest, or to insist that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look like.
All of us can start doing it taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a mirror drive?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing the individuality, the diversity, the inclusion is.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a petro.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we will just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe they are never going to be who they are, or reach out what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
How do you wife.
How to your sister here?
How about his daughter.
Is it sub-Saharan] to his friend?
Could it be just the woman who is two seats away. What would it mean for her if it was released from that automatic voice in his interior, that he attracted him for not having long legs, more deliberately, a more flat, feet smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were growing this out and would we say redevented their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is giving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show that the way you see yourself is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and so they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in the curriculum.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trips of a year of today, they become agents of safe change in the same morning.
Let's do that.
On November five of 1990, a gentleman named Symbolic November entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Marshall Lab -- the leader of Defense Defense Lego.
To November initially they declared it innocent, but being pressure by other lower charges -- compared to each other, started planning attacks at about 12 New York, including tunnels and symptoms and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant information.
Sadly, the book of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
Later November will be convicted for its participation in that bombing.
Symbizonian November is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother teacher, teacher school teacher -- between the two made all possible for giving me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a way of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims -- they get to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a small fraction of people who are terrified so hard to their convictions that think they have to use every possible media so they all live like them.
A few months before the arrested he sat up with me and explained that in the last few weekends, he and some friends had been going to throw in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the California piece that we didn't know about our group, and I was monitoring by the FBI.
When I was to throw my father down, my father helped me holding the rifle.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot was given to the little orange light on the target and, to surprise all of us, especially me, all the goal in flames.
My uncle came back to the other and in Arabic, he said "Abraishy about "Army" said, "It was "Green?
From such a child.
At all, the comment produced them a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted for putting a load with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "manager: that means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class often was the victim of matrix.
He considered my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and bottom, was enough monitoring.
So most of the time I spent the house reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I did not develop social skills, to say surely. For growing under family, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way of thinking, it was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a pressuring program that I was involved in the University National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the theme of juvenile violence -- like I had been a mathematical victim almost all my life, it was something that felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the conversation, I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship, was Jewish age.
I took a number of days to go to the light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I've never had a Jewish friend before, and I was frankly feeling very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was incomplete.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer work in Bush, Gardens, a amusement park.
I found myself with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the gay humans were bad influence.
For chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the smaller and less critical ones I'd ever seen in life.
Having been about a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat young people, exactly the way I would have wish to be treated.
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me about child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be hormone, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then the David Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me completely honest to my intellectuals, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my home shape at a time when I was desperately needed.
In occasions, inspiration can come from unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extracting it wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she said to me something that I would preserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who's been suffering enough with integrative degos and said, "I'm tired of hattening."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Max Ebola.
He changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, one day, who is about taking violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was given to this violent and intelligent ideology I did not make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against predictions.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones. For the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk about those acts without sense, like rejection to the actions of my father.
With this simple thing, I think of myself as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in its minds.
It's an incredible multiplicity movie.
It's in 3D and it has a lasting sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has arm, flavors and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected in your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the film are you who experience everything in director.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film of it, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know that I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why are we not just robots that we receive to produce results without experiencing the internal movie interest?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness is substantial.
So you can never exist a science of consciousness.
Because during almost the entire 20th century, I lost that vision.
psychology studied behavior obviously, neuroscience studied the brain, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penn said, "Now it's time for science to tackle consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a flow of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations -- correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of corruptions.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain that by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to the neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't deal with the real central mystery of this matter, why is it all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied for consciousness.
Why is there an internal movie of the movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, give us a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like embarrassing, like humanists, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergency is all cases of emergent behaviors, how the feeding works, how humanities work, how they reproduce them, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all of these questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- all of these questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a scientific material of heart.
I want a scientific theory of the authoritarian that works. For a long time, I would hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we were standing at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We get used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit into this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
By another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I believe that consciousness, right now, is kind of a angle, something that we need to integrate on our view of the world, but we don't know how we still know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning will be crazy before we deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do is explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain -- and so you study everything you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
So that's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of powerful consciousness based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denied that the observation of consciousness is satisfied.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promises.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental letters, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they think of fundamental ones, and that's what the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental gets alanife.
In the 19th century, Maxwell's discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental pressure concepts, space, time, mass laws -- news laws -- and then the basic laws of electromagnetic electronics, and then the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that these government laws.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental presents of problems, space, time, mass -- load up, then by a matter of logic, you have to hit the list.
The most natural would be to put awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It opens up the path to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental fundamental laws that we can set it into a remedia.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put it on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called Pakistanis: "Pantheon for all, "psychiatric by mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Kennedy, the elementary particles.
Even a foundation has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a foundation can be full of analysis when he thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roots."
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective feeling -- some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How would anybody think about something so crazy?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea, consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like the others.
It's also worth noting that even though the idea seems illegal, it's much less for different cultures, where the human mind seems more like nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the physical process is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
It's complex information processing, as in a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
One very exciting thing is that in the recent years, a neuroscientist, Giano Tongua, took this kind of theory and developed it directly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called piano, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I assume that picture has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of pin, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a half a half information integration in a mouse -- very significant -- very important awareness.
But when you get to the medicines, microbes, particles -- the piano degree is saying.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tonal theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of pinous, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that Pancomin can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire go out of equations?
From the panic vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists basically do is describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of adult.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the pancomin vision, has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and can have social consequences and pretty serious ethical consequences.
Some can be iPhone.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, so it had to be vegetarianism.
If you're a panter and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think I think this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral conservation, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie "Do?
Is it conscious?
According to the view of the Pancomium information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, it is a pretty serious ethical problems about the ethic of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of getting them off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective, the planet.
Does it have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED talk. Right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to be serious.
So this pants vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental than the second one that is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those thoughts of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to be discovered.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I teamed up with my friends, fought me with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to move for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't got anything.  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Buddhist Steven and David Creek."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melland, just after about 20 minutes at the 11th of a legal study, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your speech?
And I said, "What discoveries?
Well, I had been talking about the law of diagnosis for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school?
Usually in the act of action."
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as an object of inspiration.
And we're not. And it's not blame of the boy, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for them to inspire them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear I was straightforward.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to us in relation to disability.
Yes, they have sold us the lie that disability is a Baltimerchine, to mask, May.
It's something wrong and living with a disability makes you excellence.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it excellence.
And over the last few years, we've been able to provide even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activity."
Or this one another, "Your excuse is influenced."
Or this one: Before I left, integration."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the child without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who ran with legged carbon fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term powerful term, because they use a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we have considered disability in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that have been about strangers to want to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is conscious.
These images, those images are changing people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns.
And life as an disabled person is actually a difficult thing.
We knew some things.
But the things that we know is not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "people disabled, deliberately because I subscribe to the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disability because of the society that we live to our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It makes things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of your capacity as well as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to do that in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration," you say it as a complicated.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the learning, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us excellence.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here bothering inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability everywhere.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learn that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbery pills to collect things that are falling me --  I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that excites and consistents.
I really believe that that lie that we've sold about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad activity, the reason that that's to lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a set of stairs has never done that it becomes a ship.
Never.   Sorrow to a television screen will not appear to appear the substances for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and interviewing a positive attitude to turn all those books into the brain.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "Bush the Veliform Valley is not considered to be in a chair of anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of the people with disability that we are happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the general achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a boy of 11 degree in a high school of Melland is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a stranger user users.
disability doesn't make us exceptions, but question what you think you know about it, I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a golden window?
Unfortunately, today, just answering one of those questions, so please don't describe.
When people think about the augmented reality, they think "The Repair Repartment, and at Tom Crisse when we have the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality augmented to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, this is what I wear point, the Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'm going to allow you to experience what is a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field to 160 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds man chasing us, trying to pick up with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use the Google Glass under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NBA practices because the idea of the emerging technology of the emerging technology is an underwater going up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klessight: Come on.
It's horrible to be talked.
A moment. Let's zoom a little bit.
Prepared?
Go!
Chris Klessin: As you can see, it's a test of what is being attacked in the football field, from the perspective of the tape.
You have realized that missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, correct at the University of Washington.
Field marker, mice. Ha! Biosechetrons 54."
Blue eight, blue 8: Go!
Chris Klein: This is a little bit more about feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NBA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and have asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, you can see it from the angle of a field of field.
Or a rocket?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from filled with final finished -- how do we take it to the next level?
We take it to that level using something called October Ricks, which surely many already know.
The October Rick has been described as the most realistic reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing -- no.
Oh, my God. Ah!
CA: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, driving from a speaker with the arm before they run and make an anti-story analysis: What will be the experience of a fantastic.
When it can be Messac running through the cancer, washing the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Ferras doing a saltel in Wikipedia?
What will be your experience when you sleep from a mountain to over 100 miles as a Olympic calculator?
Maybe you increase the sales of palm for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Ray.
How do we get augmented reality, River?
We'll take the augmented reality when the coaches and the males and the owners look at what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So, here's a brief account about technology at NBA.
In 1965, the Battles of Baltimore put a way to his field marker to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NBA placed radio in the helmet of the field markets and then in the defense.
They had more spectrums because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2032, imagine you're a player going back to your group and you see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic view that they carry on. You won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it, because if you don't follow your instructions, you lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose party of them as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of improved strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the skeletons of the helmet and the accelerometer.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad people will have information overhead.
This would tell good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your records, and data analysis will stop being just for neurogenesis.
It's also going to be for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that you are the fishing marker.
You get the bullet and back.
You look for an open receptor -- all of a sudden, a flower on the left side of your bombsight makes you a defense behind you is going to attack yourself, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the RISD system gets off.
You move into the protection area.
Another square is that there's an open receiver.
You toss the ball, but you throw you down.
The bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, though, the receptor sees in his view a area of grass that lights and can modify the race.
It appears, it grabs the ball and running and angry.
The audience is struggling and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus like our habitative entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being in another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports levels.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how dancers are their actions from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it is being predicted?
How much is it a Common Dear or a Neil December Titan trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of strangers and Katrina's research?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service in the Highlowant Pattern of California.
Most of those 23 years, I was hitting the southern end of the Canada County, including the Golden Gates bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates Bridge was open in 1933.
Joseph Stromans, the head engineer of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much a test of suicide.
The suicide of the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from their openness, more than 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension, this bridge has been identified like such as that, such that the each from him releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go under you clean your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which provide vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that don't normally sit down in the Indian water, and then they get awake.
I don't think that those who contain this method of suicide will realize the death that will be faced.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel on the bridge.
This is where most people are in front of the life of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at the darker time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer contemplating her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the band.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who contain suicide, but also the officials as well.
We've run a long way since then.
Today, official and psychologists are training the new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on the 21st of July last year when I got a call from a substantial subject of suicide sitting on the lamb near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge of the Golden Gates bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I'd flown up here two times before the New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
I remember the Greek mythology. Zeros created Pantheon, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box up.
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Pantheon, and she opened the box.
They came out of plates, the stores, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open your box and there's no hope."
It stopped a few moments, leaned on the right, and it was.
This kind and smart guy in New Jersey had just taken out of life.
I talked to Japanese parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked it.
The collaborative damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
And I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved was subtive?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk about, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, counterscope, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you is, Others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, and have these thoughts have had these thoughts?
I'll confront the person in front can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look for despair, to believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve. Imagine, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on the 19 of January this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hello, Kevin -- I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking, I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you with a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insecure, but I am noticing more moments to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the factor of the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Peter police and repeated it as he disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge at 155 percent of the day before.
Thank you very much for struggling for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GGBT, the Golden Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery can.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and turn the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005 responded to a radio call for a suicide subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the North tower.
I drove my mouth through the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Bertistatic, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, he crossed immediately the band, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next and a half after, I heard like Kevin talked about her depression and despair.
Kevin decided that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did you get back and give your hope and life another?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You listen.
You let me talk and just listen to you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
"Dear British Brazilians, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons that Kevin is still with us.
And honestly, I think Kevin was changing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious of all those hydrogen traits, but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We thank God for you.
It's just in debt with you, North Bertistatic."
And at the end she wrote, P: When I visited the General hospital of San Francisco that night, you would find like the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is a loving father and an active member of society.
He talks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story will inspire others.
So suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is suicide with poison.
That act in spite of finishing his own pain, I broke the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about making another person.
They just want their own pain over.
Typically, this is just about three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and super-expertist calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason James.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I was holding my hand in three times.
At the end of it, I looked at me, and he said, Kevin, sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Historical, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge don't succeed.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that they can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second one who left the gang was realized that they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not only Congress with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us and each of us should be working for doing.
So suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question is breaking you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way, I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally gotten the dream that I had ever ever had since a child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to refer to you later, when I look at this picture, I think, "The German documents, you get it, you go.
But the October October, I discovered that, simply, I'm beginning.
We all embody our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of releasing, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of skin or by the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who always defy the status quo that, which is considered acceptable.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, I ignored my story.
I think this engineer is called reverse.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a "child when I was born because of the appearance of my genital guys.
I remember my five years in Los Philipses, in my house, I always wore this shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt on your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew then how to automatically.
Gender has always been considered an immune fact, but now we know that, actually, it's more complex and mysterious, as well.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I am bad, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate being female.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess from the girls.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries to celebrate.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something would blow me up, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15, when I was still sexually, I met this woman called Tulk.
It's the director of a transparent beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the consumer consciousness?
He told me that if she was involved with it, she would fall out of the insulin spending and the advertising costs, and that night, I won in ball suit, and I was a third end of funding between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty residents.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was the queen of brilliant women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the displays, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philipses.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request of the green card that I could go to the United States.
It resisted.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was working on Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious and sophisticated surgeries and secure.
At that time, in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before we change name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name Gene and the F of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means power or being able to get a break, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly my fears saw minimizes.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this mammal New New New New Media woman.
A young woman in New York who actually lived his truth, but he disappeared, he got to end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we do a global surveillance by the Congress Day of the Rovers.
I'm on this stage because of a long history of people who stood up and stood before injustice.
These are Mars P. Johnson and Sylvia Riversil.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, expanding for some day, no longer victims of November 20.
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Are you?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Geel, a quick question.
George Rocket." Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my binary.
My parents, especially my family, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been attending young women trees, who have been stopped, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman."
Sometimes it worked, other times not. It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we're all assigned by a gender to birth, and what I try to do is to put on the table that sometimes that association is that sometimes that assumption is not able, and that there should be a space that allows people to automatically, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transit movement is starting compared with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were hot in 2011, when they get to get the National Prize Now June of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in her country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the story of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when the child was born, their birth is not celebrated out.
It's not resilient, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes out of the mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed by having a child.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it gets monitored, and with the hope of a son, when he was floating his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffers, but the daughter -- the daughter was born, when she grows up, it suffers as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, they stay at home and school admit to his brothers as well.
Until the age of 12 years, somehow, has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenage school, when it was 13 years old, he gets out of his house without a male accumulation.
He's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you manage the code of that honor, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this kind of honor code, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificing the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in the name of honor.
And there is a more normal rule of patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very crazy, very humble and very subject.
It's the criterion here.
The good girl model must be streetered.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of their father and mother and the decisions of the elderly even if it doesn't want to.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because you don't want to be deliberately deliberate.
If the very young house has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it destiny.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poetry, "The case, they love it, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues on.
dear brothers and sisters -- when Malayan was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborn boards, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malayan from Macari, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line out of my name, and I wrote, "Mala."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admitted her in my school.
You know, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
They can give it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of girls.
Installating a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An admiration to school means that has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when the Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the aspects of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I'd never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sanctity of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage myself to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to engage them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malay.
I've got all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emission.
I teach my daughters, taught students to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the called the superhero.
dear brothers and sisters -- we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we find a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called talking.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stop going into the markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls and the singers killed.
They suffered millions, but a few of them talked about, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and drop when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10 years, Malay stood up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times, and I talked about every platform he could.
His voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine percent October of October 2012, shooting it into the head.
It was a favorite day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered the ear to my wife, "Should I blame me so that I happened to my daughter, to your daughter.
And I immediately said, "Please don't blame you.
It defined the cause.
He put your life on the cause of truth, by the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired by you and you joined you.
Both were on the right path and God protected it.
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malay was in the hospital and had severe pains and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was correctly, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained about.
I used to say, "I'm good with my associate smile and my face.
I'll put it right. Please don't worry.
It was a consultant for us, and it's considered us.
dear brothers and sisters -- we've learned from her how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
I cried when it doesn't end up with his task.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about my tutor that has been so audacious to Malay so brave and expressive and end?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
So let me ask you what I didn't do.
I didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Monterey group, from Google, where I've had a split to my career, the visualization of Google X visualization -- but all the work that I'm talking about here about brain science, I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you go to a brain operation.
Keep being equal or not?
Not to be like that, can you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the petrol part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide on the combinations and mix of chemistry, and try to get them, to continue with life.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there is really no clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixtures, and I was surprised by seeing how little changes in the doses changed dramatically my automation, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case for a few months, I tried two typical doses and chemicals for a man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always fun, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and   of course, many times in the past I've met various types of things like this, or maybe some advantage versions.
It turned out like an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a property.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to fix a problem that was in front of it, and it just doesn't happen that way.
So, I couldn't handle it.
And I changed my dose, I changed.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when I adjust those hormones and neurologists and so forth, it was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create protections, my ideas, if you want to try and try new ideas and record situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Fillers like Humba, Desks and Hobos see things like that.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are the people who are questioning this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. For me, it's simple: for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative and invention.
So after several years, I get to find the point right and I have lots of great mental minings, really video, well sophisticated and well structured.
Now, I'm working on how to take quickly these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use their imagination just to steer the world that has the face of the front?
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments that are done by two short groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image of functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Give Gabbas and his colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, looking at that same image.
The column on the right is created by the contents of the central column of the left -- you see that the difference is almost nuclear.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the Jack Galler lab in Berkeley, California.
They were able to convert brain waves into renewable visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, he showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a great range of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as you record a new stage.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan was determined to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the drivers of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us biomedical.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you look at an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same map.
This led to the brain scanning systems of the largest resolution today, and their resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer for that.
A lot of people are proposing new images, even me -- counting with the recent outcome of the MRI -- first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets we make better magnets better.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets -- right?
But most recent advances in revolutionary solutions and brilliant solutions in coding, and defending, in transitions and radio radio receptors in MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns that are structured to the FM radio frequency.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the projection of 3D radio processing patterns, we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single stage.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the flow of the oxygen beat, but the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We'll be able to reach our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over language and communicate directly through thinking about it?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thoughts of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more options than open this door.
Anyway, they pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk about this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have strangers.
Their arms may be to tell some person for the first time that love or say to somebody who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have ever brought in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can be variable, the experience of having lived in and out of that harmony is universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Wall Cap, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the little biological military -- I would not break my armpits off, to quote the letters of Anna di Frank as a little bank.
And I would be sorry that by the gift of my short screen and to have ripped my head up, I would usually ask a little child, "Hey, are you boys or girl?
And it would be an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rainforest leave.
The father would hold up the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would go inside inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and he was about to go from filled with the female issues on the table.  I had Betty Friday.
Gloria Steiney quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," which would show you.
So I breathe up and down the eye and my speakers a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist deliberation, just a girl with a question: "Are you boys or girl?
So I would breathe back in the back of it again, and I put a knife near it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confused thing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the guy of a comfortable piece."
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a panticula, please?
And that was all -- "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the tank I asked?
It was the easiest conversation than ever ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the store and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some strangers in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an archive.
But within the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels like you feel like a stranger.
This is how my arm is not different than yours or yours or yours.
So surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why it was more difficult than coming out of yours, but this is the thing: the hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that to explain to someone who have been declared in a broken bank is harder than telling you that it's been sent before?
Who can tell you that this story that counts is harder than telling your five year-old son than you're going to diversify?
There's no more difficult, there is only the hard thing.
We need to stop classify what is hard to do about what hard for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our strangers, and we must only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in shorts, and they can make it feel security, or at least more security than it offers the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are made, a stranger is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
And I had a horse tail, a dress and a high heel.
It wasn't the military lest ready to fight any of four years old to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear -- I was running in a corner of my dark closet by putting my gay fat and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to do not to detect, and now the world was turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't throw that big, you kill you.
One of my most memorable graduation launch was on the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that many of them between the invited knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies and my black dress and I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me did years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Lanker."
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
"That's "Stanford," once you were in the Capito?
"Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"That's my Asian stage?
It's very good and never talked about having a girl."
"Ashilla, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program Will and Grace program?
And you know who we love it? Jack was Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, disconnected, but in wait for him to desperately show her support, to let me know that he was on my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink tasks."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grain launches.
Sadly, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt any sense.
It's not very hard to find them and realize that they were forced.
And what else can you ask someone, but to enjoy?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
This is how hard conversations are still not a strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the China of the Panthellandria.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any stranger is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the army. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no ambulance, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be generous, the other ones should know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just talk about it. Just take away your paradigms.
If you know they're gay, let me say.
If you tell your parents that maybe they could be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You have never apologize for that.
And some of you can get safe services, you can apologize for what you've done, but you never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel deprived, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in a dark, you find a gravity, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you might feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder. Enjoy the vehicle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Eding Discovery that "The question of whether a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Edward Discover wrote this as a criticism to the pioneers of computer like Alan Turing Ashauit.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, you know nothing about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as territories, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept on Earth intelligence -- they would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, at a certain time in time, the asteroids that reflect the surface of a mysterious planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that they saw, I think, to a only underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be financially suited for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years -- is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues that we could extract from all these different themes as well?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to one and B for the intelligence I've seen before.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts with the end of maximizing the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or maintain open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible accessible future, yes, to an impending future time, such as that.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so in account this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
Is artificial intelligence predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent resources in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more democracy, or "player: during their life should have more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Apple, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is found inside.
Amazingly, entropy could spend multiple animal expeditions, playing human games, and even making money by trading action, all of it without that would have been able to do that.
Here are some examples of Appropriation in action.
Just like a hand of foot without falling here, here we see Archive balance automatically a post using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave him a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the position.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out extreme opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Antagotic is widely applicable to a variety of dominants.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a play game against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
Here we see Iranian order new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network well connected.
This same network of network orchestra also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Archive organizing the routes of a ship flower, discovering success and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomy and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Aggric spontaneously discover and execute a strategy of a self-organization, self-interest in a simulated series of action of actions, successfully increasing assets under its exponential management.
This risk of risk management will have tremendous applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wikipedia: What you've seen is that a variety of intelligent cognitive behaviors as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of them derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We go back to the beginning of the use of the trend, "Real Ruby," there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber reuctal.
The machines will be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart, and then metabolism and try to get away from the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
And I often ask you, how do you look for goals to get out of this kind of shape?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or help them understand human intelligence, is this: The intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a tipping point in human history, something between the corner of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fit the Earth in the context of the universe.
The NASA mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points to the Earth is just one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
Data collected by Kepler show the size of the planets in addition to the distance between them and their stem star.
In the way, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rare like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
At the time, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this test of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is getting down under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot recorded.
Gloria and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist, no analogies.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that you look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as a very interested in search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look for Earth-like planets to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet just discovered and the planets that we know better."
Let's take our neighbor Mars.
Mars is small, and it is a little bit further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our robots like "Russian transmitted their surface for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit the orange of the Manhattan mission -- they take samples from the marine atmosphere, and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its ability.
The private companies now offer not just a short space flight, but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the advanced ideas and pigeons, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be collected, really extraordinary places compared to Mars.
Even in the smallest and more elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and received oxygen from our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this enthusiasm by the colonization of Mars and other trailer planets -- I get a big and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some of Mars will expect to save ourselves from this inflational authority of the only planet that we know is really hard, the Earth.
For a lot that I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party will have place later on in the variable boat.   Thank you.
But the goals for planetary exploration and land preservation is not controlled.
No, they're actually faces of the same counter," the goal to understand and preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world is they look like extraterrestrial paradigms.
Just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and the hyperings of the Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Ferran paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Ferriovent asked the question, considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the alien life existence until now.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to Federal Park is that when civilizations become technologically advanced enough to consider to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important the origins is to protect the origin of the planets that developed this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization, will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to show the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window they were on the dining table, where I left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right.
I thought about calling a clock, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a gentleman could take a long time to get there, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe the next morning, and I was reminded from my passport and my bad.
It would be expensive, but I sure that no more expensive than a cereal at the middle of the night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, it was good stop.
I'm a profession neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Collective releases that increases heart rhythm, models the levels of adrenaline and culture the thinking.
And when I came to the screening show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least if bad things happen, that they minimize the likelihood that it is total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't create.
I was singing with my colleague Danny Karline, who was won from the Nobel Prize, and a bit embarrassed I talked about I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called presented representation.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years earlier, known as the pregnancy.
Everybody knows what posture is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what was wrong, right?
In the pregnancy, as Danny explains Danny, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong and then try to figure out what it can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a pregnancy.
Some of them are evidenced, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will take a place for the things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of important things, where the good, where the fish are, which makes the fruit trees, where the friends are living and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was added in the London taxis task.
It's the part of the brain that allows the edges to find their nuts.
And if you ask whether someone really did the experiment, they cut the extra sense of the squirrel and still could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing car keys, reading glasses and passport.
So at home they take a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport, a particular card.
For their reading glasses, a particular model.
If you take a place and you're scared with it, you will always be there when you look at them.
What about trips?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, driver's license, passion, send them by email to you to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, your brain releases corruption.
The cortex is toxic and interconnected thinking.
So part of the prefrontal practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation that when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is freezed as a commodity for all made of medical decisions and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the physician says, "I have received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attacks to heart, short brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol on a statue.
And maybe you've heard about the statues, and you know it's one of the most recycled drugs in the world today. It's even likely you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, remember the statue."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that is supposed to be asked from which most physicians don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number need to treat.
And what is this, the NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person.
And should you think what kind of destructive statistics is that?
The number should be one.
My doctor wouldn't give me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor of the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms very well.
But the Sculpture estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only from 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number need to treat the most widely recycled statue of it, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is according to the research of the cynical researchers Jerondo Groven and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Block.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take medicine for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, brain or another adverse event.
Now you may think, "Well, one chance in 300 to lower my cholesterol color.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it is, "Hey of the side effects "Hello," right?
For this particular drug, high effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating muscle and artificial pain pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely that it happens to me, still to take the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember, low stress don't think clearly.
So think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get out of the drug that you help you do your drug.
I don't say they should or not take the status.
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number need to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery, most of the men are done in the older men than 50, presentation of cancer, the number need to deal with 49.
So, 49 surgeries for a person that has helped to.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impossibility or the erectile discussion, the international incident, straight failure, fecal incident.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of pregnancy is to think of the questions that you can ask you to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this stuff in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice a lot of times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain in the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change from opinion at the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain free cut under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- it doesn't need the digital system, or the freedom or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast. They could be the lunch.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes out of the window during those moments of stress is rational thinking, like Danny Kansas and its colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defective.
We're all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage or to prevent the bad things in the first place.
Removed at night in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key of the door in the same, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered -- and lots of email messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, "P is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing substantially.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "P on the front, you need to play more gently to play.
Two peace, even more suicide.
Four peace, extremely soft ...
This is my drawing of a "pain tree, there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of peace may be, you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system, the ATMT, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came during the 1800s, and with the step of time, it mixed with local signs, and the language we know today is as ATM.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true at all.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a world of sound, it's like me living in a foreign country, following their rules, substantial, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound to understand?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alternatives and amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't stop the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise at eating the flash of paper papers."
"Don't eruse, and when you're eating, you make sure you're not going to draw the covers in the plate."
All of this is called "South States."
Maybe I think about the most average sound tag than the average person does.
I'm a surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide to do.
NP: Continued.
TBP: For advance.
You can see that the screen has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle ships and strings.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the piece for "Penetrate at ATM.
A typical pill has five lines.
However, for me, I'm going to be doing this with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my territory of art.
Am I going to distance more about art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel it a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me about how to sound, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started to create a new body body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was air, it was something from a person.
And sound is so powerful that I could be able to apologize to me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose that I would get worse.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of ATM.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I would not continue this practice, I feel that I could wake up in the forgotten and not have any social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium -- deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ATM.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express it in paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept at ATM.
The two are very space and highly modeled what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as much as the sounds like the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a piece of the piano, so you understand better how ATMT works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ATMT is divided in many different galactic parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger while the piano is played, like facial expression, the body's movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and like that, while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you just put one key at a time.
However, the ATM is more like a core, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously, to express a clear concept or an idea in ATM.
If only a keyboard would change the contract, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and mining and volume.
In ATMT, when you use these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the financial signal in that."
This is the "figure figure on that."
I'm watching you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was cardy.
There you go.
What are you looking at?
Ah, fair."
So I started thinking, and if I see ATM through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the same day, the sun comes out and it gets over.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel the same thing can say from all night long.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to thinking about about three different kinds of night -- "Nine," "To night."  "All night ...
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ATMTCar and how distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two heroes -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So, the first example is a long time ago."
Then "I happened, "Look at the for and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "I had once once.
"Tell common time," it's a musical term with a specific pace of four times a company.
However, when I see the word "common time, I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MD: right hand -- E, left hand.
We have the screen through the head and the chest.
(Audience: Medicar, "Flight" -- "Temperate Canadian: Mi, "Gabby shower."
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands at the top.
Now we're going to do it both in the head as the chest, something like common time."
Yeah, good.
That means "Love in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "colonized in ATM.
Now, the third -- please go again.
And again.
It's "limb in ATMT.
Let's do the three together.
"Look at "mining," "color and "little "little "little "little "little biological."
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how ATM is alive and present, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very automatic world.
And only because the ATM has no sounds, automatically it has no social value.
We need to start to question what the social value defines and allow the ATM to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ATM: not that you have to hear to learn music.
The ATMT is a rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love with us.
Thank you.
Deneban Karline: Hey, that is me.
As a child, my parents would say, "You can fix everything, but then you have to wipe it up.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the awful truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also excited and that they're not very good at cleaning each other.
Time country, now I'm an adult adults and I teach the Hindus School of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach with lots of trash them.
So as good citizens, we clean up the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a special thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big buttons and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But hard an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those enormous boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop to a workshop.
We started building this piece of work with admired height, so that very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the children who manipulate electrical tools are very cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope that works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we will just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are excited about robots.
Then we quickly create what we call a prototype."
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and camera cameras and we put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "The Institutes, with the hope that someone else gets more even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and puzzle, they're trying to solve it immediately.
But my local problem -- but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they think of the Internet, and they had this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands in Sandins, the world's largest mangrove in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that based, it's the water in which they base, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and oil is also a brown color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectacular, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be stored through all kinds of substances that produce different species -- which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help each other children.
I was forced to investigate a distant problem, and I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe addressing a more difficult problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half the French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they weighed several giant waves called tsunami -- and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14 thousand people died in an instant.
It also gives the plant of nuclear power from Fukushima, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the internal reports of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has paintings of pollution by Kepler.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Fulf radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, the reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fulf every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and we wanted to take the kids.
Of course we don't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we report to the control center, you see the use of different markers.
It might seem to look like they didn't take the work seriously but they did it because they are going to have to live with radio all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data that day and talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies -- the engineering, etc.
And to do this, we create a routine map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the electricity map, we introduced pictures to represent data in real time of radiation, and we have water rich to simulate rain.
So with this we could notice that the radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system and discovered in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate that was approved.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We took up to a mile of the nuclear cell, and with the help of the fishermen of the area we were collecting series of sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invent and build.
Here we see a progression, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we turn it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical basically you can build almost out there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids can actually become the help of adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students, acceleration." Accenture."
Creature Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the movement of the advanced population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs into new electrical vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radiologist are terrible legacy but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens -- creative, groups, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin computers, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk sky.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is important about the environment, the other thing it does.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Microsoft angels said that when he looked at the mammal in brutal, he saw a figure that struggles for being free.
The cylinder was only temperature of Mimitataking Minister.
But living beings are not cycled.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information that has been required for every cell to work and to replicate.
tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by the rats of manufacturing and mass production.
The mountain lines have dictated a world made of parts, by finding the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as a disconnect of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find a normal material shared in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are delicated with diagnosed people.
The spots of the back are more thick with small ones.
You act primarily as a filter, the other majority as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, no sharks.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through the variation of equity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect by working right between the cylinder and the gene, between the machine and the growth, between the assembly and growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and systems, is in the two screens after me.
My work, in his simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, leaving the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible for 10 or even five years?
We live at a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they connect four disciplines that offers designers access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales -- great scale -- like this robotic arm with a 24-hour adorement with a vertical basis that some day not very far to print whole buildings -- and graphics to nanoscale manufacturing made from genetically modified microbiomes that shine in the dark.
So here we've reinvented the check, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every opening is just a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion design of Paris with Iran van Herry. It's like a second skin made from one piece, risk in the contests, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborators, we printed this layer and falls 3D without costs between cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microbes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CA scanner, too.
That designers have access to this high resolution and synthetic instruments, allow us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at strategic and comfortable and also completely absorbs sound.
Professor Carter teacher, my collaborator came back to nature to inspire it, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes submarine.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness and opportunity and color, contributing to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another shark, but vary continuously and definitely the material property.
But is it the ideal nature of ideal?
No parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me about the stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what it matters.
As she related, "In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a brutal trace tree tree."
For that first brutal tree, there would be no difference between treatment, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees to grow trees with branches. Court, storms and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would the design be if objects were made of one piece of piece?
Do we go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit of the fragile tree with fruit and we find it.
The second more abundant biomass on the planet is called the ship, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, chests and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and
We think that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multicultural structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marine --  -- we asked a lot of shrimp husks and motivates and we produced taste pass.
Looking at chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light and suitanical and transparent.
To print the structures on a large scale, it was built a system with multiple collectively controlled strategy of controversial.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one single material three feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photographic microbes that came for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we find the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of showing up, and if it gets even more, to windows.
A traditional fruit tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to biomedic, points in the sea, will feed the marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjustment for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the international travel.
To do that, we have to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own table of elements -- new forms of life created computational -- made of advanced and increased biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid alien, only instead of transporting precious metals -- new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbes.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microbes.
The first is cybercriminal.
It lives in our oceans and freshwater stands.
And the second, E. colored, the bacteria that inhabit in the human intestine.
You turn light into sugar, the other consumer is sugar and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as an evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and they alter their way to the path.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, and actually save the properties of the material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photos, we designed more transparent channels.
This particular digital system, when you stretch from one end to another, it takes 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine is.
And here it is, as a TEDster at TED, our first portable photography, bright liquid channels with the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelhire said, "We are creative creatures, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue and take our bodies up?
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature does not do that.
It grows up with software.
This capture of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it gets metabolized.
The non-term manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not from two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different ways.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is actually predictable in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hit a computation of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hydrothermal.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the call worm of silk.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that it would be a flat calculate and still metabolize sandaling.
So we started designing different environments, different administrations, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition of the capture, is transformed directly by the environment.
They often run the silk worms to the death inside their caps, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants can shape the raw silk without boiling a single capt.
They would be metabolized sanitation, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a high school robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into more dark and cold areas so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or openings, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the organics.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a online farm farm.
And after we feed them four weeks, they were prepared to hill with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding of the revenue, and while they hate, they create they start, they put eggs and the life begins again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and was right.
By hill biological silk on the hell of the hell they give all of this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 65,000 silk worms have 65,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
The polls, after the ecosystem, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra balls in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk sky through a robotic arm, the other full empty arm.
If the last frontier of design is to give products to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new age of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from a design inspired by nature to a nature inspired by us, for the first time, that we get a load of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked yourself, "What do you want to be a lot?
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked them this?
You can show it with fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask the question, "What do you want to be a bit?
They've caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be of most?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school I liked English, the tables and the art and developed websites -- also, playing the guitar in a panel called Telescope Franklin.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of brand, this feeling of, is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I get up on it, and I let me absorb and I feel "I feel, "I have found my own, and then again this point where I start to break.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions and refuse to break.
Another reason I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me for not going to be defined at all.
I was worried about having a fear of engagement, or being distributed, or cooking or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have asked you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We ask ourselves, "What do you want to be a big?
When we have about five years.
And nobody is that nobody cares about what you answer that age.
You consider an naive issue to provide cute answers in kids like, "I'm astrophycisive or "I'm basically, or "I want to be picked."
Inspiration the Hollywood depression.
This question is done over and over again while we grow up in various ways, and so on to high school students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a bit?
It's going to be the cute exercise in before we take away the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does right the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you are good interested maybe you laugh and say, "Oh, what's cute, but you can't be an artist of violence and psychologists you can't be anti-computer.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Children --  and he is anti-computer and psychological art.
And this Amy Nine, the editor of magazine became incredibly, entrepreneurial, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of heavy life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or real committee, the idea that each one of us has something to do for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who isn't connected in this way?
What happens if there are a lot of different issues that get your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're mobilizing.
A crowd is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a rocket to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple potential, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a stranger, revolutionary.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well sold in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sherbene refers us as "seconds."
Use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of advanced to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see mobility as limited or advance that you should be bringing.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are enormous strengths when it was this way.
Here are three multinational supermarkets.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in interaction.
Khan Hawking and Rachel Bible expressed their shared interests in captivity, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Messian.
Messian is a company that creates jewelry, geographically inspired jewelry.
The al al Shelhire and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his economic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the molecular money, all of their architects, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested by something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're headed to being primary, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines. And we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we are going to, so we rarely start from zero.
New time is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a little piano child perceived an amazing capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism known.
Before becoming a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most final selling mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launch for editors for editors to write for.
It rarely is a waste of time to be able to get to what you get to you, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen before.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. I mean, the ability to transform into anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abed Carbon is sometimes director of videos, others, designers of websites, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fast Camp magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and probably that they are the individuals and organizations that can be fought to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that really will thrive.
So ideas of ideas, fast learning and adaptation, three skills where the crowds are very adept and three skills that could be lost if they're prisoners to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need not conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be predictable neuroscientists.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams come from a specialists and a molecular speaker.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the crowd offers a specialization of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that take care of how we are connected.
And, unfortunately, the crowds in large parts are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you take out of this talk, I hope it's this: recognizing with the internal shell, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then especially the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, recognize with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those rabbit medication.
They explore intersections.
And embracing our internal cable leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, molecular, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1900, a woman named Australia took her to a psychiatrist in France.
Austrian was deliberately, and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alis.
Alis didn't know how to help Australia, but I would sail for her until, unfortunately, passed in 1976.
After death, Alis did an automotive and found weird plates in the Australia brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The even more amazing thing.
If Australia had been alive today, we couldn't give her more aid than the one that Alis gave him 14 years ago.
Alis was Dr. Alis Alzheimer's.
And Australia Determinant, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900 medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection -- many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, stations for the cardiac and much more.
But it has been progressed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists that work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think of this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million all over the world.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live up to the age of 85 or more, the possibility of with Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years with Alzheimer's or help care to a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's disease.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
It's the most expensive disease today, and its costs provide a five times increase in 2050, as you get the generation of the baby boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all around the world, the Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent or cure or even rethink its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should, "The Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, all of us, even the scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to delivering a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's, significantly reduces life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange airbidies in the Australia brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are petropolism.
And when it's dialogued, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
It makes protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form large plates and ordinary.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like defining a bomb.
Course a cable could do nothing.
Cortis, you can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the cables and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process -- now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms of women.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that get paid each other inside them, like Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to get that hope, to beat Alzheimer's and we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we tried, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, the patients and their families have dropped more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislation.
That was essential to move at HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved ones day and night, are often too worn to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Allegging is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talking for them, and help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column of the New York Times, in January of this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turned to make 36 questions more and more personal questions, and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number two: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And is it?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- this really likes me. Tell your partner what you get from him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say you have ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me attention, the spark that two of the participants had married six months later, and invited all of the lab to the ceremony to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love it.
However, we love, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the column love Moore Montalian a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August now, so I guess some of you probably ask: follow together?
And the reason I think this is question is because I've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published, the paper was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had forced me to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that made a good deal of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The paper published on a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this was on the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday had already called me the Lord Show and the God Mourning America.
In a month, the article got over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing with synchrony about our own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks -- they were always asking the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in my email with the phrase, "You still follow together?
Several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked him.
I even gave a talk, and a woman went down to the stage, "Hey, Mandela, where is your ninth?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the announcement of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have raised life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of the readers by testing the study in them with different success degrees.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both do a public emergence together.
I got television interviews and redesigned the orders of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the infrastructure of the farmer process -- a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know whether the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but love real love love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just about a few months, and I felt, especially that people would pose the wrong question.
How do you know if we will stay together or not, and also to tell it?
If the answer was no, would the experience of making these 36 questions less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aristotle wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for an interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aristotle called Superman personal openness, progressive and recovery.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. Several later studies also used the African Protons prototype as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police members and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me with technology: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed described for it.
And I said, "You want to say that you love the person with whom you did it?
Well, he did a pause.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends.
Did you feel that you were able to know better after testing the study?
The assistant is.
So, it worked -- I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it's love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much my entire adult life, and he had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I came up in science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow shake the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just looked at the book that I wrote -- but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was stuck with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt like then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than the reason I can tell myself.
What you look for from love is a garden, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that it will continue to be immediately loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very appealing story, because love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, "How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things compete and how do you know when to cut and dissolve?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably raises a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what to love someone.
So, if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it is this: a year ago, a meeting and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to remain love.
And love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I got a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I'm not going to consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how much times it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing whether it will always choose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and small and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think of.
And what I look for, and what maybe my life will spend is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy happy end on the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some little binds in the mountain and in a way, I got like a government of the forest.
I had a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details in front of it.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill -- a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the space.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii, and I like to go from exchange and substantial and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collapse for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I ran up all the pages and I made a kind of crime slides into the Agnes Martin style, and I covered them in resin, and a bee was caught off.
Well, my mother has fear to bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to be up in size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying glass.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, sounds, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow the tracks, draw the same thing about a card on the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own temperature of invented specifications.
First of all, boats.
Then I made some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resilient.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Simple.
It was great, man.
At some point I get interested in the human shape, natural size sculptures with drawing human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing into the layers of glass, similar to the drawing on a window, then in another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the restaurant.
So I did this for years, and my civil work with something very big, that I call traffic."
For the traffic, I was inspired by the Garden of Delicious Death Day, which is a painting at the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of his time.
Well, the traffic," I'll explain this piece.
weighs 11,000 pounds.
50 meters long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a bit weird.
Well, that's the blood source.
On the left is Jesus and the longering.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh information where they hide.
This is where the creatures with the animal heads are headed to the face, ready to suicide in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a advance.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the horizon -- the oil platform of the Dead -- Wallary, the Osahama bin Laden, there are all sorts of rare things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of a currency.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like balls and seems like a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a kind of traffic."
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go to the other side, you have a computer, like a bird piece, and you spit clouds out of this traffic.
It also has a $150 tail, a series of snake that binds the traffic."
Anyway, his tail is pressing fire on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things going on, you know.
His tail ends up in a collapse block made from terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They did in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from terrorists.
Very ahead of their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "psychological programs."
This is a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and materials are encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines or magazine.
But each act as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide them.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can turn the entrance up.
And I'll take you out of the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or nothin, or whatever it is, a kind of an anti-printing thing.
It's a quick account of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body in half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue.
There is a little forest scene inside the typical change.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pinoted Walks.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio scanner, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We have the box and all the people in the room with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we come to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweet, and we're mostly going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head?
They take an aspiration.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first passes through the stomach, the integrity and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and put it in so that any drug in the body.
The distribution, though, is that when you swallow any medication is dialiking.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase DNA cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time they take to get to the blood stream, they digitize, and worse even for the time they take to get to their fate, which is where it's more important, at the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is infinitely, and it doesn't easily go into the bloodstream.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifelong treatment for the oral way.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the diversity of the virus, without the risk of drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers -- of course.
If you use it in dentistry, for the care of wounds and direction of diabetes, you can use for anything to imagine, including the intellectual transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or provide extremely small holes that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
They say, "How is that possible?
We send a little bit and powerful beam about the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or pepsiently plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incident on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the infection site, whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-terrific groups, armed organizations like terrorists.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost everything in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a disposal between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 236 peace arrangements that were signed between 1975.
So we need to understand these groups, even if we need to get them into any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what this organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the non-term policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to them, without global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanese Height, known for their violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Hebrew has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hamas Palestinian known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also managing the Gaza Frankling from 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting away.
They're multiply.
They use a complex machine of regulation, radio stations, TV channels, Internet web sites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISAI magazine and print in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without savings, but through renewable businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they train hospitals, put professional training programs or microbes of materialism.
Hebrew offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't bring back, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped by war or even the beginning of the ISAI apple, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of Palestinian Hamas can't understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrids.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed groups and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and the sophisticated these organizations are these organizations, we can calculate them as something opposite to a state.
How do you call a group like Heador?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all of their function, pick up the trash -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a reliable group?
Or maybe something else, something new and different.
And what is ISAI?
The lines are drawing.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybridizing, and the more weak states are states, like in the Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap, the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
And filling that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consider peace.
If we better understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to make the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not giving us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are a little bit of videos, but I fear that I have openly accept the tag of feminist would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I was a bad feminist as well.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Basic Feminism, and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Malay Feminism.
So what started as a personal joke to myself and a deliberate programming, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminism, these furry women, they were angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I insisted that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a consumer, a word taboo and a distant.
I was taken as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too much, with high self-esteem.
Nobody wants to be that religious woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist.
For me, certain claims are riskyards: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same thing for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use it easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without the need of legislative control or engineering drugs.
We have the right to respect it.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to count our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist from me.
I have another confidence.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music in the entire volume.
Even though the letter degraded to women and profoundly offends me the classic Salam Shakespeare, of the yin Lang Twitters is amazing.
"Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Paradox, he will move up until it hurts you."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely democratized by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the household tasks, but also kill insects, the back of the grass and the manipulation of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bathari and the romantic media, and I have an absurd fantasies of the stories that are made true.
Some of my crime is more discovered.
If a woman wants to adopt her husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge you.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that election, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that women are economically vulnerable when they elect them.
We solved this problem.
It records conventional feminism that has ignored or destroyed the needs of the color women, the workers and homosexual and transparency, in favor of white women, hello, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism -- I'm a very bad feminist one.
It also happens this: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put fragments on a pensurient.
We hope that they take perfect.
When we go down, we take them back with a lot of taste from the same peak where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster. I already consider that pedestrian before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders are afraid of being labeled as females.
They're afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that sticker means for fear of not being able to fulfill with the little realistic expectations.
Let's take for example Beethoven, or as I call it, the Gift.
In the last few years it's a declined feminist in the last few years.
In the Victorian Music Adam Asians in 2014, acting in front of the word feminist of three meters high.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the country openly embracing feminism and making women and young men who will be female is something to be proud of.
And the time spent time, cultural critics started internationally if Beijing was or not precisely feminist.
They captured their feminism instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demanded the feminists of the feminist because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so deeply a lot.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive critic and to design the feminist of any woman, to destroy it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism -- or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of particular.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our implications to realize the action and it's a little bit more valuable.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we get the change affecting their gains effectively affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does your music have to be so penguin?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant girls, and also very brave -- I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, suddenly the best choice is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sports sport, the Tree of Trades.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women as much as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their partners as bomb satellites.
In any case, men especially white men, hemisphere can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in their magazine, to participate in their project, or work with you, until it doesn't include enough number of women, so much to participate and make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are considered but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included, until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision.
Because we are not permanent -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions -- our achievements.
We can make these small acts of courage and hope that our decisions are going to the top, the people in the direct power and the medical producers and music, CEOs, the legislation, the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also claim our feminism of our feminism -- well, bad, or any of the time.
The last line of my book "World Feynman says, "I would prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above all, because my voice was stolen to me and the feminist helped me record it.
There was an incident.
I call it incidence to deal with what happened.
A few kids donated me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They steal my voice, and after everything I don't believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to write.
It comes back in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminist, I also discovered that if I was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear and see that none of us is the thing that the world is trying to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit courageous, when more you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 123 children in California, they had measles, or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Chamber.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles, which can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something that is supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment was not the article that unleashed politics about autism and destructive vaccines, described and marked by being a deliberate frame by the British Medical Journal Jordan?
Don't you think most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupid stuff?
I think most of you know, but millions of fathers around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I'd heard about it creates the whole professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot.
Fortune fundraising organizations as Australia Speed is really refer to autism as an epidemic as if I could get away from another child in Disclading.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Atlanta Disease Center -- what's going on, tend to be based on phrases like "a "careful diagnostic crisis," and a better cause of cases to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of a young mother looking for the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to be experienced, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is that what happened is to do with the slow, cartooning progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kansas, from Johns Hopkins Hospital -- in 1943, Kansas published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to have private worlds -- not the people around them, even to their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands before their faces, but they were part of the panic for perhaps as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic, Kansan speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while collecting references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because Kansas criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, they refuse to give that diagnosis to kids with consumers, but now we know that epilepsy, is very common in autism.
Once he was convinced that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his spine for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
It classified autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and distant parents.
These kids, he said, have been careful about a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kansas noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symptoms before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite discours, he correctly said, "Goodbya."
But Kansas had a bad opinion of these skills, by holding things like kids were simply recording what they had heard their parents asked, desperate to win their approval of it.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing Kanula theory that autism was weird.
Lebane Win, Colombia cognitive psychologist -- thought that the theory of Christmas Christmas mothers was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and addicted people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susanite.
Leone and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without survival services, no special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Leonardo and his colleague, Judith Goldare decided to do something that should be 30 years ago.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They lost a suburb of London called Central to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kansas model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't talk at all, while others were embedded in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the generosity of it.
Otherwise, these children didn't fit into nice, little boards as Judaism, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kanzi monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did nobody ever care about these children before?
But then Leonardo found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to Kansas article -- and then it forgotten, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided strategic to mention her own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, Leonardo was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who runs a clinic integrated with a school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Apple for teaching children with learning differences were even progressive to contemporary standards.
The morning in his clinic started with mass exercises with music, and the kids followed their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Apple described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spread space during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
First of all, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that came up with an amazing variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always had been, looking at aspects of this continent in architects known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the distracted teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, an autism fish is essential.
Leonardo and Judaism found that Kansas was wrong, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked quietly with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called automobile spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into view, supporting the limited model of Kansas for a broad and inclusive Apple model.
These changes don't fall in a broken bat.
Carbon, when Lebre and Judai worked between baseball to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Ray Man" came out in 1989, just a little circle, included by experts knew what autism, but after the underlying act of Dusty Houstas as Rac Babylon and Rain Man: the acceleration of "Raisage, personality, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical evidence of using autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Raisage" Man: the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to stand, just like Leone and Judaism, actually expected that it would be, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services they deserve.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines by increasing vaccines -- a simple, powerful, and seductive history of credible history as bad as the Kansas theory that autism was impressive.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are on the spectrum, it's right, the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for the new medical advances -- the term "bust "by celebrating the variety of human cognition.
One way of understanding neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily digital, obviously social and suffering from a deficit deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, who believed that the car for the most incompetent aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with ability, support communities, and parents with faith in their children's potential.
An autistic woman named Mosor Zamis once said, "We need all the hands in covered to reduce the boat.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
